What did James who joined love that man?
What did James who joined that man love?
What did this prince who called beat Bill?
What did this prince who called Bill beat?
What did this male professor who understood follow the team?
What did this male professor who understood the team follow?
Who did Alexander who understood follow this team?
Who did Alexander who understood this team follow?
Who did Victoria who defeated join the member?
Who did Victoria who defeated the member join?
What did Walter who thanked call that teacher?
What did Walter who thanked that teacher call?
Who did this male professor who served see this child?
Who did this male professor who served this child see?
What did Charles who defeated beat Charles?
What did Charles who defeated Charles beat?
What did Charles who defeated invite that president?
What did Charles who defeated that president invite?
Who did Steve who trusted visit Robert?
Who did Steve who trusted Robert visit?
Who did this daughter who beated lead that president?
Who did this daughter who beated that president lead?
Who did this male president who believed understand the teacher?
Who did this male president who believed the teacher understand?
Who did Scott who saw serve this minister?
Who did Scott who saw this minister serve?
Who did Elizabeth who joined beat Alexander?
Who did Elizabeth who joined Alexander beat?
Who did Patrick who defeated defeat Phil?
Who did Patrick who defeated Phil defeat?
What did Ruth who hit believe this woman?
What did Ruth who hit this woman believe?
Who did that female president who met support this parent?
Who did that female president who met this parent support?
What did that daughter who believed call this police?
What did that daughter who believed this police call?
Who did Michael who killed support the government?
Who did Michael who killed the government support?
What did Sarah who found join this member?
What did Sarah who found this member join?
What did Scott who beated teach that teacher?
What did Scott who beated that teacher teach?
What did Catherine who beated save this doctor?
What did Catherine who beated this doctor save?
What did Patrick who trusted defeat Henry?
What did Patrick who trusted Henry defeat?
Who did Robert who visited lead this leader?
Who did Robert who visited this leader lead?
What did the girl who visited attack that team?
What did the girl who visited that team attack?
Who did Catherine who saved visit Mary?
Who did Catherine who saved Mary visit?
What did James who invited trust Ted?
What did James who invited Ted trust?
Who did Dan who met train William?
Who did Dan who met William train?
What did Andy who served kill that army?
What did Andy who served that army kill?
What did Walter who saw kill this army?
What did Walter who saw this army kill?
What did Ruth who understood serve this soldier?
What did Ruth who understood this soldier serve?
Who did that female doctor who married believe the woman?
Who did that female doctor who married the woman believe?
Who did Victor who defeated teach that coach?
Who did Victor who defeated that coach teach?
Who did Bruce who married believe the student?
Who did Bruce who married the student believe?
Who did Michael who met trust Victor?
Who did Michael who met Victor trust?
Who did Maria who loved support that parent?
Who did Maria who loved that parent support?
What did Scott who saw serve this minister?
What did Scott who saw this minister serve?
What did that girl who called defeat Jane?
What did that girl who called Jane defeat?
What did that prince who beated defeat Alice?
What did that prince who beated Alice defeat?
Who did Victoria who helped thank that student?
Who did Victoria who helped that student thank?
What did Nick who asked find this police?
What did Nick who asked this police find?
What did Scott who visited teach the teacher?
What did Scott who visited the teacher teach?
Who did Anna who taught visit Phil?
Who did Anna who taught Phil visit?
Who did Scott who visited follow the student?
Who did Scott who visited the student follow?
Who did this daughter who called help that friend?
Who did this daughter who called that friend help?
Who did the female president who thanked ask the child?
Who did the female president who thanked the child ask?
What did Anna who found support that government?
What did Anna who found that government support?
Who did Adam who invited save this doctor?
Who did Adam who invited this doctor save?
What did Andy who visited hit that man?
What did Andy who visited that man hit?
Who did that king who visited help this friend?
Who did that king who visited this friend help?
What did Elizabeth who invited teach the teacher?
What did Elizabeth who invited the teacher teach?
What did Andy who visited lead this captain?
What did Andy who visited this captain lead?
What did Jane who served visit Mary?
What did Jane who served Mary visit?
What did Helen who thanked lead this captain?
What did Helen who thanked this captain lead?
What did Dan who trained marry this actor?
What did Dan who trained this actor marry?
Who did Anna who found teach this professor?
Who did Anna who found this professor teach?
What did Ruth who saw support the friend?
What did Ruth who saw the friend support?
What did Maria who led train Nick?
What did Maria who led Nick train?
Who did Henry who hit call this student?
Who did Henry who hit this student call?
What did Nick who saved beat Bobby?
What did Nick who saved Bobby beat?
What did that mother who watched attack this soldier?
What did that mother who watched this soldier attack?
Who did Bill who thanked love that parent?
Who did Bill who thanked that parent love?
Who did Adam who defeated beat Carl?
Who did Adam who defeated Carl beat?
What did Thomas who taught kill the army?
What did Thomas who taught the army kill?
Who did Victor who joined thank the player?
Who did Victor who joined the player thank?
Who did Bill who loved follow this team?
Who did Bill who loved this team follow?
Who did Ann who visited call that student?
Who did Ann who visited that student call?
What did Scott who saved understand the student?
What did Scott who saved the student understand?
What did the female player who helped trust Tom?
What did the female player who helped Tom trust?
What did that female president who found trust Sarah?
What did that female president who found Sarah trust?
Who did Bruce who led defeat Adam?
Who did Bruce who led Adam defeat?
What did Alice who taught lead the captain?
What did Alice who taught the captain lead?
Who did Victoria who invited support that parent?
Who did Victoria who invited that parent support?
Who did Kelly who married hit this man?
Who did Kelly who married this man hit?
What did Alice who called follow the child?
What did Alice who called the child follow?
Who did Phil who attacked ask the child?
Who did Phil who attacked the child ask?
What did James who married help the friend?
What did James who married the friend help?
What did Alexander who visited hit the man?
What did Alexander who visited the man hit?
What did Helen who hit understand this doctor?
What did Helen who hit this doctor understand?
What did Alice who saved love the man?
What did Alice who saved the man love?
Who did Kelly who defeated teach that coach?
Who did Kelly who defeated that coach teach?
Who did this women who found marry the man?
Who did this women who found the man marry?
What did Dennis who believed visit Michael?
What did Dennis who believed Michael visit?
What did Walter who taught call the friend?
What did Walter who taught the friend call?
Who did Anna who married save the soldier?
Who did Anna who married the soldier save?
What did Alice who understood defeat Ruth?
What did Alice who understood Ruth defeat?
Who did the father who beated believe that student?
Who did the father who beated that student believe?
Who did Alice who saw see that woman?
Who did Alice who saw that woman see?
What did Larry who married see the student?
What did Larry who married the student see?
Who did Larry who invited train Robert?
Who did Larry who invited Robert train?
Who did Helen who trained help that teacher?
Who did Helen who trained that teacher help?
What did Alexander who thanked join that player?
What did Alexander who thanked that player join?
What did the female player who loved see the student?
What did the female player who loved the student see?
What did this king who called help this parent?
What did this king who called this parent help?
What did that female professor who understood serve that minister?
What did that female professor who understood that minister serve?
Who did Bruce who invited understand that teacher?
Who did Bruce who invited that teacher understand?
What did the man who found beat Anna?
What did the man who found Anna beat?
What did Robert who found thank this friend?
What did Robert who found this friend thank?
Who did the male doctor who loved thank this student?
Who did the male doctor who loved this student thank?
What did Henry who understood trust Sarah?
What did Henry who understood Sarah trust?
Who did Alexander who killed help this doctor?
Who did Alexander who killed this doctor help?
Who did Adam who trained lead this leader?
Who did Adam who trained this leader lead?
Who did Carl who followed marry that woman?
Who did Carl who followed that woman marry?
What did Martin who asked beat Gary?
What did Martin who asked Gary beat?
Who did Steve who served believe this woman?
Who did Steve who served this woman believe?
What did Bruce who helped believe that student?
What did Bruce who helped that student believe?
Who did Alexander who believed see the woman?
Who did Alexander who believed the woman see?
Who did Catherine who loved find that man?
Who did Catherine who loved that man find?
What did the female professor who taught help this teacher?
What did the female professor who taught this teacher help?
Who did Adam who trusted understand that student?
Who did Adam who trusted that student understand?
Who did Oliver who asked lead the leader?
Who did Oliver who asked the leader lead?
What did Carl who defeated save the doctor?
What did Carl who defeated the doctor save?
Who did Nick who called help that friend?
Who did Nick who called that friend help?
What did Alexander who called trust Maria?
What did Alexander who called Maria trust?
Who did that prince who beated defeat Alice?
Who did that prince who beated Alice defeat?
What did Elizabeth who killed love the parent?
What did Elizabeth who killed the parent love?
What did this man who followed thank that friend?
What did this man who followed that friend thank?
What did Ted who hit kill this army?
What did Ted who hit this army kill?
Who did Scott who saved kill this army?
Who did Scott who saved this army kill?
What did Phil who hit meet that teacher?
What did Phil who hit that teacher meet?
Who did that father who saw defeat Dan?
Who did that father who saw Dan defeat?
What did the brother who supported attack that army?
What did the brother who supported that army attack?
What did Patrick who taught meet this leader?
What did Patrick who taught this leader meet?
What did Kelly who trusted call this student?
What did Kelly who trusted this student call?
Who did Andy who saw lead the minister?
Who did Andy who saw the minister lead?
Who did Jane who met defeat Sarah?
Who did Jane who met Sarah defeat?
Who did this female player who supported find this student?
Who did this female player who supported this student find?
Who did Lawrence who led support the parent?
Who did Lawrence who led the parent support?
Who did Ted who found trust Jane?
Who did Ted who found Jane trust?
What did this male professor who served see this child?
What did this male professor who served this child see?
Who did Andy who watched meet this president?
Who did Andy who watched this president meet?
What did Alexander who supported train Dan?
What did Alexander who supported Dan train?
Who did the boy who served thank this player?
Who did the boy who served this player thank?
Who did Andy who led hit the player?
Who did Andy who led the player hit?
What did Adam who saw believe that man?
What did Adam who saw that man believe?
Who did that princess who supported invite this president?
Who did that princess who supported this president invite?
What did Mary who supported kill that army?
What did Mary who supported that army kill?
Who did Ted who defeated teach that coach?
Who did Ted who defeated that coach teach?
What did Tom who helped meet this president?
What did Tom who helped this president meet?
What did Kelly who saw call this student?
What did Kelly who saw this student call?
Who did Walter who trusted kill that army?
Who did Walter who trusted that army kill?
What did the male player who hit find the police?
What did the male player who hit the police find?
Who did Maria who met hit this boy?
Who did Maria who met this boy hit?
Who did Ruth who hit believe this woman?
Who did Ruth who hit this woman believe?
What did Anna who trained ask this student?
What did Anna who trained this student ask?
Who did the wife who visited help this teacher?
Who did the wife who visited this teacher help?
Who did Carl who understood hit this man?
Who did Carl who understood this man hit?
Who did Nick who visited marry that woman?
Who did Nick who visited that woman marry?
Who did Elizabeth who believed serve that worker?
Who did Elizabeth who believed that worker serve?
Who did Kelly who defeated call the friend?
Who did Kelly who defeated the friend call?
What did Nick who called help that friend?
What did Nick who called that friend help?
Who did Catherine who helped kill the soldier?
Who did Catherine who helped the soldier kill?
Who did the mother who trusted visit Patrick?
Who did the mother who trusted Patrick visit?
Who did Martin who beated trust Gary?
Who did Martin who beated Gary trust?
Who did Bill who attacked thank this player?
Who did Bill who attacked this player thank?
What did Dan who served understand the doctor?
What did Dan who served the doctor understand?
Who did Alexander who invited teach the teacher?
Who did Alexander who invited the teacher teach?
What did Dan who loved visit Ann?
What did Dan who loved Ann visit?
What did this father who served serve the worker?
What did this father who served the worker serve?
What did the boy who supported believe that teacher?
What did the boy who supported that teacher believe?
Who did Bobby who beated trust Larry?
Who did Bobby who beated Larry trust?
What did that lady who called save that soldier?
What did that lady who called that soldier save?
What did Dennis who thanked invite that teacher?
What did Dennis who thanked that teacher invite?
What did Ann who visited call that student?
What did Ann who visited that student call?
Who did Walter who called find the woman?
Who did Walter who called the woman find?
Who did this king who watched see this child?
Who did this king who watched this child see?
Who did this mother who supported ask that student?
Who did this mother who supported that student ask?
Who did Catherine who found trust Alexander?
Who did Catherine who found Alexander trust?
What did that king who found visit Charles?
What did that king who found Charles visit?
Who did Thomas who taught hit the player?
Who did Thomas who taught the player hit?
What did James who saved invite this teacher?
What did James who saved this teacher invite?
Who did this mother who understood thank this player?
Who did this mother who understood this player thank?
What did that women who called hit this boy?
What did that women who called this boy hit?
Who did Patrick who loved serve that minister?
Who did Patrick who loved that minister serve?
Who did the mother who saw love this woman?
Who did the mother who saw this woman love?
What did the male president who hit believe this man?
What did the male president who hit this man believe?
Who did this mother who believed believe this teacher?
Who did this mother who believed this teacher believe?
What did Charles who attacked beat Ruth?
What did Charles who attacked Ruth beat?
Who did that female president who watched help the teacher?
Who did that female president who watched the teacher help?
Who did Michael who saved call this friend?
Who did Michael who saved this friend call?
Who did Alexander who invited visit Walter?
Who did Alexander who invited Walter visit?
What did that female professor who married trust Phil?
What did that female professor who married Phil trust?
What did the women who saw serve the soldier?
What did the women who saw the soldier serve?
Who did Phil who supported hit that man?
Who did Phil who supported that man hit?
What did Martin who understood visit Maria?
What did Martin who understood Maria visit?
What did that female president who defeated marry that man?
What did that female president who defeated that man marry?
What did Phil who called visit James?
What did Phil who called James visit?
Who did Dennis who joined believe this teacher?
Who did Dennis who joined this teacher believe?
Who did Kelly who thanked teach the teacher?
Who did Kelly who thanked the teacher teach?
Who did that princess who beated kill the army?
Who did that princess who beated the army kill?
What did Gary who understood attack the team?
What did Gary who understood the team attack?
Who did Robert who loved teach the teacher?
Who did Robert who loved the teacher teach?
What did James who followed visit William?
What did James who followed William visit?
What did Walter who trusted marry that woman?
What did Walter who trusted that woman marry?
What did this female professor who trained visit Nick?
What did this female professor who trained Nick visit?
What did Larry who understood serve that worker?
What did Larry who understood that worker serve?
What did Alice who believed trust William?
What did Alice who believed William trust?
What did the female player who invited teach the teacher?
What did the female player who invited the teacher teach?
What did Anna who married save the soldier?
What did Anna who married the soldier save?
Who did Sarah who married help this friend?
Who did Sarah who married this friend help?
What did that male professor who invited visit Nick?
What did that male professor who invited Nick visit?
What did Dan who followed lead the captain?
What did Dan who followed the captain lead?
Who did the female professor who invited understand the student?
Who did the female professor who invited the student understand?
Who did Ted who thanked understand this doctor?
Who did Ted who thanked this doctor understand?
Who did Thomas who supported thank the player?
Who did Thomas who supported the player thank?
Who did Dennis who beated believe that man?
Who did Dennis who beated that man believe?
Who did Nick who defeated hit this man?
Who did Nick who defeated this man hit?
Who did Michael who found marry that woman?
Who did Michael who found that woman marry?
Who did the prince who visited help the friend?
Who did the prince who visited the friend help?
What did Sarah who saw watch this man?
What did Sarah who saw this man watch?
Who did Scott who married serve the soldier?
Who did Scott who married the soldier serve?
What did Adam who watched lead that minister?
What did Adam who watched that minister lead?
What did Mary who thanked attack that team?
What did Mary who thanked that team attack?
Who did Phil who trained call this student?
Who did Phil who trained this student call?
What did Gary who met support this council?
What did Gary who met this council support?
Who did Dennis who hit see that student?
Who did Dennis who hit that student see?
What did Dan who defeated believe this student?
What did Dan who defeated this student believe?
What did the prince who led lead this leader?
What did the prince who led this leader lead?
Who did Ruth who loved meet that student?
Who did Ruth who loved that student meet?
Who did Charles who saved lead the leader?
Who did Charles who saved the leader lead?
Who did Ted who called ask that teacher?
Who did Ted who called that teacher ask?
Who did the female professor who saved hit that boy?
Who did the female professor who saved that boy hit?
Who did James who married help the friend?
Who did James who married the friend help?
Who did Steve who defeated ask the teacher?
Who did Steve who defeated the teacher ask?
Who did the boy who supported teach the coach?
Who did the boy who supported the coach teach?
Who did that man who invited visit Charles?
Who did that man who invited Charles visit?
What did this wife who served invite that president?
What did this wife who served that president invite?
What did Dennis who trusted find this man?
What did Dennis who trusted this man find?
Who did Bill who invited call this police?
Who did Bill who invited this police call?
Who did Jane who joined visit Bill?
Who did Jane who joined Bill visit?
Who did that female professor who married trust Phil?
Who did that female professor who married Phil trust?
Who did the female president who hit meet the president?
Who did the female president who hit the president meet?
Who did the girl who understood serve that officer?
Who did the girl who understood that officer serve?
Who did Elizabeth who supported call that teacher?
Who did Elizabeth who supported that teacher call?
What did that male president who attacked trust James?
What did that male president who attacked James trust?
Who did Bill who trusted ask the student?
Who did Bill who trusted the student ask?
What did Michael who found hit the man?
What did Michael who found the man hit?
Who did Walter who saw thank the friend?
Who did Walter who saw the friend thank?
What did the prince who saw love the woman?
What did the prince who saw the woman love?
Who did Gary who served marry the woman?
Who did Gary who served the woman marry?
Who did Victoria who understood visit Martin?
Who did Victoria who understood Martin visit?
Who did Elizabeth who killed love the parent?
Who did Elizabeth who killed the parent love?
What did Steve who loved watch the woman?
What did Steve who loved the woman watch?
What did Anna who beated teach this coach?
What did Anna who beated this coach teach?
What did the princess who led help that friend?
What did the princess who led that friend help?
What did Andy who watched defeat Phil?
What did Andy who watched Phil defeat?
Who did this daughter who thanked join that member?
Who did this daughter who thanked that member join?
Who did Jane who saved attack the army?
Who did Jane who saved the army attack?
Who did the male professor who watched see that woman?
Who did the male professor who watched that woman see?
What did this female player who supported find this student?
What did this female player who supported this student find?
Who did that king who trained meet that leader?
Who did that king who trained that leader meet?
What did Lawrence who saw beat Bobby?
What did Lawrence who saw Bobby beat?
Who did Martin who killed trust Alice?
Who did Martin who killed Alice trust?
What did Maria who followed marry the woman?
What did Maria who followed the woman marry?
Who did Dan who loved visit Ann?
Who did Dan who loved Ann visit?
What did this male president who believed lead this captain?
What did this male president who believed this captain lead?
Who did Steve who thanked hit this boy?
Who did Steve who thanked this boy hit?
Who did James who invited trust Ted?
Who did James who invited Ted trust?
Who did Martin who beated support that council?
Who did Martin who beated that council support?
What did Bruce who loved follow the team?
What did Bruce who loved the team follow?
What did Alexander who found watch that student?
What did Alexander who found that student watch?
What did Martin who asked believe the student?
What did Martin who asked the student believe?
What did Larry who saved kill that soldier?
What did Larry who saved that soldier kill?
What did Michael who met trust Victor?
What did Michael who met Victor trust?
What did this male player who met beat James?
What did this male player who met James beat?
What did Phil who trained call this student?
What did Phil who trained this student call?
What did Kelly who called train Helen?
What did Kelly who called Helen train?
What did Henry who loved see that child?
What did Henry who loved that child see?
What did Carl who hit visit Victor?
What did Carl who hit Victor visit?
What did the daughter who met marry that woman?
What did the daughter who met that woman marry?
Who did the girl who trained teach the teacher?
Who did the girl who trained the teacher teach?
What did Steve who asked invite the teacher?
What did Steve who asked the teacher invite?
What did Dennis who watched marry that woman?
What did Dennis who watched that woman marry?
What did Victoria who helped save the doctor?
What did Victoria who helped the doctor save?
Who did this wife who served invite that president?
Who did this wife who served that president invite?
Who did the male professor who supported follow that child?
Who did the male professor who supported that child follow?
What did Adam who defeated train Ann?
What did Adam who defeated Ann train?
Who did this daughter who visited visit Ann?
Who did this daughter who visited Ann visit?
Who did that mother who served love the man?
Who did that mother who served the man love?
Who did the man who trained lead the leader?
Who did the man who trained the leader lead?
Who did Tom who married help that parent?
Who did Tom who married that parent help?
Who did Scott who saw understand the teacher?
Who did Scott who saw the teacher understand?
What did Nick who supported love the man?
What did Nick who supported the man love?
What did that female player who attacked hit that player?
What did that female player who attacked that player hit?
Who did Phil who attacked invite the president?
Who did Phil who attacked the president invite?
Who did Lawrence who supported attack the army?
Who did Lawrence who supported the army attack?
Who did Gary who saved see the woman?
Who did Gary who saved the woman see?
Who did the male professor who followed find that man?
Who did the male professor who followed that man find?
What did Ruth who loved meet that student?
What did Ruth who loved that student meet?
What did Alice who joined save that doctor?
What did Alice who joined that doctor save?
What did Helen who loved help the teacher?
What did Helen who loved the teacher help?
Who did Oliver who beated kill the soldier?
Who did Oliver who beated the soldier kill?
Who did Charles who helped kill that army?
Who did Charles who helped that army kill?
What did Bobby who beated trust Larry?
What did Bobby who beated Larry trust?
What did William who trusted support the council?
What did William who trusted the council support?
What did Dan who followed kill this army?
What did Dan who followed this army kill?
What did that father who married teach this teacher?
What did that father who married this teacher teach?
Who did Bruce who served thank that student?
Who did Bruce who served that student thank?
Who did Alice who taught lead the captain?
Who did Alice who taught the captain lead?
Who did Larry who served visit Nick?
Who did Larry who served Nick visit?
What did this female professor who saved believe that woman?
What did this female professor who saved that woman believe?
What did Maria who invited understand that teacher?
What did Maria who invited that teacher understand?
Who did Alice who called love that child?
Who did Alice who called that child love?
What did this boy who believed help the friend?
What did this boy who believed the friend help?
Who did Robert who found thank this friend?
Who did Robert who found this friend thank?
What did Scott who called love this child?
What did Scott who called this child love?
What did the boy who helped teach that professor?
What did the boy who helped that professor teach?
Who did Ruth who thanked visit Alexander?
Who did Ruth who thanked Alexander visit?
Who did Robert who invited trust Ted?
Who did Robert who invited Ted trust?
What did Ted who saw ask this teacher?
What did Ted who saw this teacher ask?
Who did Alice who believed call that friend?
Who did Alice who believed that friend call?
Who did Thomas who married lead this leader?
Who did Thomas who married this leader lead?
Who did Helen who hit understand this doctor?
Who did Helen who hit this doctor understand?
Who did Dennis who believed visit Michael?
Who did Dennis who believed Michael visit?
What did Scott who saved call this police?
What did Scott who saved this police call?
What did this father who led understand the doctor?
What did this father who led the doctor understand?
Who did Walter who thanked call the student?
Who did Walter who thanked the student call?
What did that mother who served love the man?
What did that mother who served the man love?
Who did Bruce who found support that parent?
Who did Bruce who found that parent support?
What did this man who understood invite the teacher?
What did this man who understood the teacher invite?
Who did Catherine who defeated thank that player?
Who did Catherine who defeated that player thank?
Who did the boy who watched defeat Elizabeth?
Who did the boy who watched Elizabeth defeat?
What did Gary who saved see the woman?
What did Gary who saved the woman see?
Who did Alice who joined attack the team?
Who did Alice who joined the team attack?
Who did this female professor who trained visit Nick?
Who did this female professor who trained Nick visit?
What did Andy who helped see that child?
What did Andy who helped that child see?
What did Bruce who invited understand that teacher?
What did Bruce who invited that teacher understand?
What did this male professor who called teach the teacher?
What did this male professor who called the teacher teach?
Who did Alice who called follow the child?
Who did Alice who called the child follow?
What did Henry who thanked train Oliver?
What did Henry who thanked Oliver train?
Who did the prince who joined thank that player?
Who did the prince who joined that player thank?
Who did this female player who defeated hit this player?
Who did this female player who defeated this player hit?
Who did this daughter who attacked support this friend?
Who did this daughter who attacked this friend support?
Who did this female president who helped follow that child?
Who did this female president who helped that child follow?
Who did Ted who served support this friend?
Who did Ted who served this friend support?
What did Ann who beated understand the student?
What did Ann who beated the student understand?
What did Helen who attacked attack this team?
What did Helen who attacked this team attack?
What did Gary who helped serve that worker?
What did Gary who helped that worker serve?
Who did the daughter who asked marry that woman?
Who did the daughter who asked that woman marry?
Who did the lady who visited defeat Henry?
Who did the lady who visited Henry defeat?
Who did Victor who hit believe the man?
Who did Victor who hit the man believe?
What did Nick who saw believe the student?
What did Nick who saw the student believe?
Who did Nick who led train Bill?
Who did Nick who led Bill train?
Who did Larry who understood serve that worker?
Who did Larry who understood that worker serve?
What did that father who saved visit Andy?
What did that father who saved Andy visit?
Who did the female professor who taught help this teacher?
Who did the female professor who taught this teacher help?
Who did that female doctor who defeated meet this leader?
Who did that female doctor who defeated this leader meet?
Who did this mother who trusted save that soldier?
Who did this mother who trusted that soldier save?
Who did this female professor who attacked follow that child?
Who did this female professor who attacked that child follow?
Who did Maria who led meet the leader?
Who did Maria who led the leader meet?
What did the female president who loved save this soldier?
What did the female president who loved this soldier save?
Who did Dennis who beated hit that player?
Who did Dennis who beated that player hit?
What did Gary who served marry the woman?
What did Gary who served the woman marry?
What did Ted who thanked understand this doctor?
What did Ted who thanked this doctor understand?
What did the female president who thanked ask the child?
What did the female president who thanked the child ask?
Who did Mary who thanked attack that team?
Who did Mary who thanked that team attack?
Who did Nick who asked find this police?
Who did Nick who asked this police find?
What did the man who taught thank this friend?
What did the man who taught this friend thank?
Who did Gary who visited trust Kelly?
Who did Gary who visited Kelly trust?
What did the male player who invited find this man?
What did the male player who invited this man find?
Who did this male doctor who understood thank the friend?
Who did this male doctor who understood the friend thank?
Who did Steve who trusted call the teacher?
Who did Steve who trusted the teacher call?
What did this female player who defeated hit this player?
What did this female player who defeated this player hit?
Who did Bill who taught call the teacher?
Who did Bill who taught the teacher call?
Who did Ruth who trained attack the soldier?
Who did Ruth who trained the soldier attack?
What did Catherine who hit save the soldier?
What did Catherine who hit the soldier save?
Who did the girl who defeated teach this professor?
Who did the girl who defeated this professor teach?
Who did Dennis who invited see the woman?
Who did Dennis who invited the woman see?
What did Robert who taught follow the student?
What did Robert who taught the student follow?
What did Mary who visited understand the teacher?
What did Mary who visited the teacher understand?
What did Adam who trained lead this leader?
What did Adam who trained this leader lead?
What did Andy who trained invite that president?
What did Andy who trained that president invite?
What did Bill who helped ask this student?
What did Bill who helped this student ask?
Who did this prince who met meet that leader?
Who did this prince who met that leader meet?
What did Victoria who helped thank that student?
What did Victoria who helped that student thank?
What did Bill who believed follow this team?
What did Bill who believed this team follow?
What did Steve who killed believe this teacher?
What did Steve who killed this teacher believe?
What did Maria who followed defeat Martin?
What did Maria who followed Martin defeat?
Who did Bruce who loved follow the team?
Who did Bruce who loved the team follow?
What did the women who supported attack the team?
What did the women who supported the team attack?
What did Charles who called understand this teacher?
What did Charles who called this teacher understand?
What did Helen who trusted understand this teacher?
What did Helen who trusted this teacher understand?
Who did the girl who loved defeat Patrick?
Who did the girl who loved Patrick defeat?
What did Carl who asked serve this worker?
What did Carl who asked this worker serve?
Who did this daughter who beated kill this soldier?
Who did this daughter who beated this soldier kill?
Who did Robert who defeated marry the actor?
Who did Robert who defeated the actor marry?
Who did Tom who asked save this soldier?
Who did Tom who asked this soldier save?
What did Catherine who beated train Jane?
What did Catherine who beated Jane train?
What did Sarah who joined trust Ruth?
What did Sarah who joined Ruth trust?
Who did Dennis who joined visit Nick?
Who did Dennis who joined Nick visit?
Who did Maria who led train Nick?
Who did Maria who led Nick train?
What did Ted who helped help the parent?
What did Ted who helped the parent help?
What did Jane who met defeat Sarah?
What did Jane who met Sarah defeat?
Who did this father who trained beat Martin?
Who did this father who trained Martin beat?
Who did Maria who trusted hit that man?
Who did Maria who trusted that man hit?
Who did Ruth who saw support the friend?
Who did Ruth who saw the friend support?
What did the prince who trusted beat Andy?
What did the prince who trusted Andy beat?
Who did the female president who taught find this police?
Who did the female president who taught this police find?
Who did Victoria who killed join the student?
Who did Victoria who killed the student join?
What did Adam who married hit this man?
What did Adam who married this man hit?
What did the male player who beated meet that leader?
What did the male player who beated that leader meet?
What did Andy who married ask this child?
What did Andy who married this child ask?
What did Patrick who invited invite the teacher?
What did Patrick who invited the teacher invite?
What did Kelly who hit save that doctor?
What did Kelly who hit that doctor save?
Who did Charles who followed train Larry?
Who did Charles who followed Larry train?
Who did Tom who loved defeat Thomas?
Who did Tom who loved Thomas defeat?
Who did Thomas who visited thank that student?
Who did Thomas who visited that student thank?
Who did Oliver who followed beat Thomas?
Who did Oliver who followed Thomas beat?
Who did the princess who supported beat Jane?
Who did the princess who supported Jane beat?
What did this female president who asked see the man?
What did this female president who asked the man see?
Who did Dennis who taught join that member?
Who did Dennis who taught that member join?
What did Ann who taught follow that student?
What did Ann who taught that student follow?
Who did Ted who saw ask this teacher?
Who did Ted who saw this teacher ask?
Who did Alexander who found watch that student?
Who did Alexander who found that student watch?
Who did this male president who hit call the student?
Who did this male president who hit the student call?
What did Tom who saw trust Anna?
What did Tom who saw Anna trust?
What did Thomas who married lead this leader?
What did Thomas who married this leader lead?
What did Tom who attacked defeat Charles?
What did Tom who attacked Charles defeat?
What did Catherine who loved find that man?
What did Catherine who loved that man find?
Who did that mother who watched attack this soldier?
Who did that mother who watched this soldier attack?
What did Bobby who followed train Bill?
What did Bobby who followed Bill train?
What did Dan who killed believe that teacher?
What did Dan who killed that teacher believe?
Who did this girl who saw thank the student?
Who did this girl who saw the student thank?
What did the female player who asked kill that army?
What did the female player who asked that army kill?
Who did Tom who invited follow this player?
Who did Tom who invited this player follow?
What did Walter who loved thank the student?
What did Walter who loved the student thank?
What did Elizabeth who visited believe the student?
What did Elizabeth who visited the student believe?
What did Henry who visited serve that worker?
What did Henry who visited that worker serve?
Who did Anna who trained ask this student?
Who did Anna who trained this student ask?
Who did Ruth who understood serve this soldier?
Who did Ruth who understood this soldier serve?
Who did this girl who asked invite this leader?
Who did this girl who asked this leader invite?
What did Dennis who invited see the woman?
What did Dennis who invited the woman see?
Who did the male professor who beated watch that man?
Who did the male professor who beated that man watch?
What did that female president who met support this parent?
What did that female president who met this parent support?
Who did this boy who invited kill the army?
Who did this boy who invited the army kill?
What did this women who invited defeat Elizabeth?
What did this women who invited Elizabeth defeat?
What did that lady who followed invite the teacher?
What did that lady who followed the teacher invite?
What did Gary who taught watch that child?
What did Gary who taught that child watch?
Who did Charles who supported marry that woman?
Who did Charles who supported that woman marry?
What did Oliver who saw save that soldier?
What did Oliver who saw that soldier save?
What did that male professor who followed teach this professor?
What did that male professor who followed this professor teach?
What did that princess who beated kill the army?
What did that princess who beated the army kill?
What did Maria who killed love this woman?
What did Maria who killed this woman love?
What did Henry who taught trust Larry?
What did Henry who taught Larry trust?
What did Alexander who trained teach this coach?
What did Alexander who trained this coach teach?
Who did Bobby who defeated train Andy?
Who did Bobby who defeated Andy train?
What did the boy who watched defeat Elizabeth?
What did the boy who watched Elizabeth defeat?
Who did William who trusted support the council?
Who did William who trusted the council support?
What did the male president who taught support that government?
What did the male president who taught that government support?
Who did Bill who taught find the woman?
Who did Bill who taught the woman find?
What did this king who beated thank this player?
What did this king who beated this player thank?
What did this boy who invited kill the army?
What did this boy who invited the army kill?
Who did Kelly who met find that student?
Who did Kelly who met that student find?
What did Anna who met train Nick?
What did Anna who met Nick train?
What did the female professor who found hit that boy?
What did the female professor who found that boy hit?
What did Helen who saw visit Sarah?
What did Helen who saw Sarah visit?
What did William who found find that police?
What did William who found that police find?
What did Ted who called join the player?
What did Ted who called the player join?
What did this women who found marry the man?
What did this women who found the man marry?
Who did that mother who saw visit Kelly?
Who did that mother who saw Kelly visit?
What did Gary who saved join the student?
What did Gary who saved the student join?
Who did Martin who called join that member?
Who did Martin who called that member join?
What did this boy who supported call the student?
What did this boy who supported the student call?
What did Patrick who saw beat Anna?
What did Patrick who saw Anna beat?
Who did this girl who found join that student?
Who did this girl who found that student join?
Who did the mother who defeated join that player?
Who did the mother who defeated that player join?
Who did this prince who saved defeat Phil?
Who did this prince who saved Phil defeat?
What did Steve who beated serve the minister?
What did Steve who beated the minister serve?
Who did Ruth who thanked train Elizabeth?
Who did Ruth who thanked Elizabeth train?
Who did Phil who called visit Mary?
Who did Phil who called Mary visit?
What did this boy who served visit Tom?
What did this boy who served Tom visit?
Who did Andy who visited lead this captain?
Who did Andy who visited this captain lead?
Who did this father who served serve the worker?
Who did this father who served the worker serve?
What did the father who trusted serve this soldier?
What did the father who trusted this soldier serve?
What did Lawrence who led support the parent?
What did Lawrence who led the parent support?
Who did Maria who invited understand that teacher?
Who did Maria who invited that teacher understand?
Who did this man who loved see that student?
Who did this man who loved that student see?
Who did this female president who called attack this team?
Who did this female president who called this team attack?
Who did Alice who saved love the man?
Who did Alice who saved the man love?
What did Catherine who married believe that man?
What did Catherine who married that man believe?
Who did Alice who trained thank this friend?
Who did Alice who trained this friend thank?
Who did the mother who saw trust Alexander?
Who did the mother who saw Alexander trust?
What did Robert who killed lead this leader?
What did Robert who killed this leader lead?
Who did that female player who followed invite the leader?
Who did that female player who followed the leader invite?
What did Carl who attacked serve that officer?
What did Carl who attacked that officer serve?
Who did Helen who saw visit Sarah?
Who did Helen who saw Sarah visit?
What did Alice who supported beat Jane?
What did Alice who supported Jane beat?
What did Ruth who thanked ask that teacher?
What did Ruth who thanked that teacher ask?
Who did Steve who killed believe this teacher?
Who did Steve who killed this teacher believe?
What did Robert who taught beat Dennis?
What did Robert who taught Dennis beat?
What did Bruce who thanked love this man?
What did Bruce who thanked this man love?
Who did Larry who believed support this friend?
Who did Larry who believed this friend support?
Who did the daughter who found meet the leader?
Who did the daughter who found the leader meet?
Who did that female president who defeated marry that man?
Who did that female president who defeated that man marry?
Who did Victoria who trained help the doctor?
Who did Victoria who trained the doctor help?
What did Robert who visited lead this leader?
What did Robert who visited this leader lead?
Who did Scott who helped understand the student?
Who did Scott who helped the student understand?
What did Bobby who helped visit Tom?
What did Bobby who helped Tom visit?
Who did the princess who invited lead that minister?
Who did the princess who invited that minister lead?
Who did Tom who saw trust Anna?
Who did Tom who saw Anna trust?