who did this father show whether Louis served?
Who did this father show that Louis served?
What did this father show whether Louis taught?
What did this father show that Louis taught?
What might this father find out who taught?
What might this father find out he taught?
What might this father find out who drew?
What might this father find out he drew?
Who did this male professor know whether Ryan found?
Who did this male professor know that Ryan found?
What did this male professor know whether Ryan shared?
What did this male professor know that Ryan shared?
What won't this male professor think who shared with others?
What won't this male professor think he shared with others?
What won't this male professor think who chose?
What won't this male professor think he chose?
Who did this women feel whether Elizabeth defeated?
Who did this women feel that Elizabeth defeated?
What doesn't this women think who chose?
What doesn't this women think she chose?
What doesn't this women think who found?
What doesn't this women think she found?
What did the man feel whether Anna remembered?
What did the man feel that Anna remembered?
What needn't the man ask who remembered?
What needn't the man ask he remembered?
What needn't the man ask who chose?
What needn't the man ask he chose?
What did this girl see whether Bill built?
What did this girl see that Bill built?
What can't this girl guess who built?
What can't this girl guess she built?
What didn't this male player know who wrote?
What didn't this male player know he wrote?
What didn't this male player know who fought for?
What didn't this male player know he fought for?
Who did this women see whether Maria taught?
Who did this women see that Maria taught?
What don't this women tell who shared?
What don't this women tell she shared?
Who did this mother learn whether Maria killed?
Who did this mother learn that Maria killed?
What didn't this mother realize who served?
What didn't this mother realize she served?
Who did the lady remember whether Michael served?
Who did the lady remember that Michael served?
What shall the lady find out who helped?
What shall the lady find out she helped?
Who did the father learn whether Charles asked?
Who did the father learn that Charles asked?
What did the male doctor feel whether Peter was watching?
What did the male doctor feel that Peter was watching?
What did the male doctor feel whether Peter shared?
What did the male doctor feel that Peter shared?
What can't the male doctor guess who shared?
What can't the male doctor guess he shared?
What can't the male doctor guess who ended?
What can't the male doctor guess he ended?
Who did the male president learn whether Steve met?
Who did the male president learn that Steve met?
What did the male president learn whether Steve chose?
What did the male president learn that Steve chose?
What shouldn't the male president find out who chose?
What shouldn't the male president find out he chose?
What shouldn't the male president find out who described?
What shouldn't the male president find out he described?
Who did the female professor report whether Helen trusted?
Who did the female professor report that Helen trusted?
What did the female professor report whether Helen put on the table?
What did the female professor report that Helen put on the table?
What didn't the female professor realize who put on the table?
What didn't the female professor realize she put on the table?
What didn't the female professor realize who found?
What didn't the female professor realize she found?
What could this lady guess who wrote?
What could this lady guess she wrote?
Who did this daughter think whether Anna saved?
Who did this daughter think that Anna saved?
What did this daughter think whether Anna saved?
What did this daughter think that Anna saved?
What doesn't this daughter find out who saved?
What doesn't this daughter find out she saved?
What doesn't this daughter find out who informed her mom about?
What doesn't this daughter find out she informed her mom about?
Who did the princess explain whether Ann saw?
Who did the princess explain that Ann saw?
What did the princess explain whether Ann saved?
What did the princess explain that Ann saved?
What did the female professor show whether Louis shared?
What did the female professor show that Louis shared?
What must the female professor decide who shared?
What must the female professor decide she shared?
What must the female professor decide who taught?
What must the female professor decide she taught?
Who did this women mean whether Philip helped?
Who did this women mean that Philip helped?
What did this women mean whether Philip built?
What did this women mean that Philip built?
What must this women decide who built?
What must this women decide she built?
What must this women decide who wrote?
What must this women decide she wrote?
Who did this male doctor say whether Gary helped?
Who did this male doctor say that Gary helped?
What did this male doctor say whether Gary helped?
What did this male doctor say that Gary helped?
What must this male doctor ask who helped?
What must this male doctor ask he helped?
What must this male doctor ask who served?
What must this male doctor ask he served?
Who did the female doctor know whether Bill found?
Who did the female doctor know that Bill found?
What did the female doctor know whether Bill made?
What did the female doctor know that Bill made?
What didn't the female doctor realize who made?
What didn't the female doctor realize she made?
What didn't the female doctor realize who ended?
What didn't the female doctor realize she ended?
Who did this father say whether Louis saw?
Who did this father say that Louis saw?
What did this father say whether Louis wrote?
What did this father say that Louis wrote?
What can this father show who wrote?
What can this father show he wrote?
What can this father show who controlled?
What can this father show he controlled?
Who did this female professor think whether Scott helped?
Who did this female professor think that Scott helped?
What did this female professor think whether Scott taught?
What did this female professor think that Scott taught?
What didn't this female professor realize who taught?
What didn't this female professor realize she taught?
What didn't this female professor realize who was fighting against?
What didn't this female professor realize she was fighting against?
Who did the brother see whether Ryan asked about?
Who did the brother see that Ryan asked about?
Who did this male professor report whether Joe married?
Who did this male professor report that Joe married?
What did this male professor report whether Joe ended?
What did this male professor report that Joe ended?
What didn't this male professor realize who ended?
What didn't this male professor realize he ended?
What didn't this male professor realize who saved?
What didn't this male professor realize he saved?
What did the male professor say whether Helen chose?
What did the male professor say that Helen chose?
What shall the male professor remember who chose?
What shall the male professor remember he chose?
What shall the male professor remember who showed?
What shall the male professor remember he showed?
Who did the father remember whether Mary led?
Who did the father remember that Mary led?
What mustn't the father say who left at home?
What mustn't the father say he left at home?
Who did this lady mean whether Dennis watched?
Who did this lady mean that Dennis watched?
What did this lady mean whether Dennis drew?
What did this lady mean that Dennis drew?
What won't this lady guess who drew?
What won't this lady guess she drew?
Who did the male player know whether Peter thanked?
Who did the male player know that Peter thanked?
What did the male player know whether Peter ended?
What did the male player know that Peter ended?
What does the male player need to ask who ended?
What does the male player need to ask he ended?
Who did the man believe whether Carl followed?
Who did the man believe that Carl followed?
What did the man believe whether Carl taught?
What did the man believe that Carl taught?
What won't the man tell who taught?
What won't the man tell he taught?
What won't the man tell who informed about?
What won't the man tell he informed about?
Who did the man see whether Louis attacked?
Who did the man see that Louis attacked?
Who did the princess hear whether Carl followed?
Who did the princess hear that Carl followed?
What did the princess hear whether Carl fought?
What did the princess hear that Carl fought?
What didn't the princess decide who won?
What didn't the princess decide she won?
Who did the male player explain whether Bruce supported?
Who did the male player explain that Bruce supported?
What did the male player explain whether Bruce described?
What did the male player explain that Bruce described?
What would the male player find out who described?
What would the male player find out he described?
Who did this boy hear whether James saw?
Who did this boy hear that James saw?
What did this boy hear whether James showed?
What did this boy hear that James showed?
What will this boy decide who showed his friend?
What will this boy decide he showed his friend?
What will this boy decide who served at the table?
What will this boy decide he served at the table?
Who did this boy think whether Edward met?
Who did this boy think that Edward met?
What did this boy think whether Edward fought for?
What did this boy think that Edward fought for?
Who did the princess say whether Louis led?
Who did the princess say that Louis led?
What did the princess say whether Louis won?
What did the princess say that Louis won?
What can't the princess tell her who won?
What can't the princess tell her she won?
What can't the princess tell her who thanked?
What can't the princess tell her she thanked?
Who did this daughter say whether Steve served at the table?
Who did this daughter say that Steve served at the table?
What did this female president explain whether Jane understood?
What did this female president explain that Jane understood?
What did this female president explain whether Jane played with?
What did this female president explain that Jane played with?
What did this female president decide who played with?
What did this female president decide she played with?
Who did this female president remember whether Bobby told the secret?
Who did this female president remember that Bobby told the secret?
What did this female president remember whether Bobby helped to do?
What did this female president remember that Bobby helped to do?
What won't this female president see who helped to finish?
What won't this female president see she helped to finish?
What won't this female president see who won at the game?
What won't this female president see she won at the game?
What can't this male doctor find out who chose?
What can't this male doctor find out he chose?
Who did this female professor know whether Martin served?
Who did this female professor know that Martin served?
What did this female professor know whether Martin drew?
What did this female professor know that Martin drew?
What won't this female professor realize who drew?
What won't this female professor realize she drew?
What won't this female professor realize who told her student about?
What won't this female professor realize she told her student about?
What did the wife know whether Walter wrote?
What did the wife know that Walter wrote?
What could the wife show who wrote?
What could the wife show she wrote?
What could the wife show who taught?
What could the wife show she taught?
Who did the mother write whether Jason trained?
Who did the mother write that Jason trained?
What did the mother write whether Jason found?
What did the mother write that Jason found?
Who did the female president learn whether Catherine defeated?
Who did the female president learn that Catherine defeated?
What did the female president learn whether Catherine chose?
What did the female president learn that Catherine chose?
What doesn't the female president ask who chose?
What doesn't the female president ask she chose?
What doesn't the female president ask who raised?
What doesn't the female president ask she raised?
Who did the women think whether Sarah joined?
Who did the women think that Sarah joined?
What may the women ask who drew?
What may the women ask she drew?
Who did this daughter explain whether Jane watched?
Who did this daughter explain that Jane watched?
What did this daughter explain whether Jane showed?
What did this daughter explain that Jane showed?
What didn't the mother say who thanked the student for?
What didn't the mother say she thanked the student for?
Who did the girl mean whether Jane told her about?
Who did the girl mean that Jane told her about?
What did the girl mean whether Jane played with?
What did the girl mean that Jane played with?
What can't the girl know who played with?
What can't the girl know she played with?
What can't the girl know who described?
What can't the girl know she described?
Who did the mother believe whether Richard led?
Who did the mother believe that Richard led?
What did the mother believe whether Richard showed?
What did the mother believe that Richard showed?
What can the mother find out who showed?
What can the mother find out she showed?
Who did this lady know whether Gary taught?
Who did this lady know that Gary taught?
What did this lady know whether Gary drew?
What did this lady know that Gary drew?
What shall this lady think who drew?
What shall this lady think she drew?
What shall this lady think who described?
What shall this lady think she described?
Who did the wife write whether Alice met?
Who did the wife write that Alice met?
What did the wife write whether Alice moved?
What did the wife write that Alice moved?
What may the wife believe who moved?
What may the wife believe she moved?
Who did the women mean whether Peter thanked?
Who did the women mean that Peter thanked?
What do the women need to decide who told them about?
What do the women need to decide they told them about?
Who did the male president think whether Mary defeated?
Who did the male president think that Mary defeated?
What did the male president think whether Mary held?
What did the male president think that Mary held?
What didn't the male president remember who held?
What didn't the male president remember he held?
What didn't the male president remember who described?
What didn't the male president remember he described?
Who did this female professor think whether Fred found?
Who did this female professor think that Fred found?
What did this female professor think whether Fred ended?
What did this female professor think that Fred ended?
What may this female professor remember who ended?
What may this female professor remember she ended?
Who did this male player know whether Oliver trained?
Who did this male player know that Oliver trained?
What did this male player know whether Oliver taught?
What did this male player know that Oliver taught?
What could this male player guess who taught?
What could this male player guess he taught?
What could this male player guess who told him about?
What could this male player guess he told him about?
Who did the wife know whether Oliver taught?
Who did the wife know that Oliver taught?
What did the wife know whether Oliver taught?
What did the wife know that Oliver taught?
What couldn't the wife see who taught?
What couldn't the wife see she taught?
Who did the male player believe whether Alice thanked?
Who did the male player believe that Alice thanked?
What did the male player believe whether Alice helped?
What did the male player believe that Alice helped?
What doesn't the male player believe who helped?
What doesn't the male player believe he helped?
What doesn't the male player believe who put on the table?
What doesn't the male player believe he put on the table?
Who did the boy say whether Joe married?
Who did the boy say that Joe married?
What did this male player think whether Edward won in the game?
What did this male player think that Edward won in the game?
What couldn't this male player realize who won?
What couldn't this male player realize he won?
What couldn't this male player realize who informed him about?
What couldn't this male player realize he informed him about?
Who did the mother report whether Gary saved?
Who did the mother report that Gary saved?
What did the mother report whether Gary taught?
What did the mother report that Gary taught?
What shouldn't the mother find out who taught?
What shouldn't the mother find out she taught?
What shouldn't the mother find out who built?
What shouldn't the mother find out she built?
Who did the male president feel whether Scott loved?
Who did the male president feel that Scott loved?
What did the male president feel whether Scott taught?
What did the male president feel that Scott taught?
What could the male president guess who taught?
What could the male president guess he taught?
What could the male president guess who showed?
What could the male president guess he showed?
Who did the female doctor mean whether Scott followed?
Who did the female doctor mean that Scott followed?
What did the female doctor mean whether Scott fought?
What did the female doctor mean that Scott fought?
Who did the female president show whether Pierre supported?
Who did the female president show that Pierre supported?
What did the female president show whether Pierre played with?
What did the female president show that Pierre played with?
What mustn't the female president believe who played with?
What mustn't the female president believe she played with?
What mustn't the female president believe who told her about?
What mustn't the female president believe she told her about?
Who did this brother report whether Mary visited?
Who did this brother report that Mary visited?
What did this brother report whether Mary showed?
What did this brother report that Mary showed?
What should this brother believe who showed?
What should this brother believe he showed?
What should this brother believe who helped to do?
What should this brother believe he helped to do?
Who did this girl think whether Philip served at the table?
Who did this girl think that Philip served at the table?
What did this girl think whether Philip described?
What did this girl think that Philip described?
What shall this girl guess who described?
What shall this girl guess she described?
What shall this girl guess who told?
What shall this girl guess she told?
Who did this female president write whether Thomas supported?
Who did this female president write that Thomas supported?
What did this female president write whether Thomas moved?
What did this female president write that Thomas moved?
What does this female president need to tell him who moved?
What does this female president need to tell him she moved?
Who did this father know whether Jane supported?
Who did this father know that Jane supported?
What did this father know whether Jane showed?
What did this father know that Jane showed?
What must this father decide who showed?
What must this father decide he showed?
What must this father decide who informed him about?
What must this father decide he informed him about?
Who did this lady show whether Alice defeated?
Who did this lady show that Alice defeated?
What did the father think whether Anna remembered?
What did the father think that Anna remembered?
What mustn't the father guess who remembered?
What mustn't the father guess he remembered?
What mustn't the father guess who won?
What mustn't the father guess he won?
Who did the female professor hear whether Martin trusted?
Who did the female professor hear that Martin trusted?
What did the female professor hear whether Martin drew?
What did the female professor hear that Martin drew?
What did the female professor believe who drew?
What did the female professor believe she drew?
What did the female professor believe who found?
What did the female professor believe she found?
Who did the male president report whether Scott followed?
Who did the male president report that Scott followed?
What did the male president report whether Scott drew?
What did the male president report that Scott drew?
What did the mother mean whether James described?
What did the mother mean that James described?
What can't the mother know who described?
What can't the mother know she described?
What can't the mother know who moved?
What can't the mother know she moved?
Who did the king say whether Bobby attacked?
Who did the king say that Bobby attacked?
What did the king say whether Bobby served?
What did the king say that Bobby served?
Who did this brother explain whether Bobby supported?
Who did this brother explain that Bobby supported?
What did this brother explain whether Bobby remembered?
What did this brother explain that Bobby remembered?
What needn't this brother see who remembered?
What needn't this brother see he remembered?
What needn't this brother see who taught?
What needn't this brother see he taught?
Who did this female president learn whether Bruce loved?
Who did this female president learn that Bruce loved?
What did this female president learn whether Bruce served?
What did this female president learn that Bruce served?
Who did this wife know whether Tim loved?
Who did this wife know that Tim loved?
What did this wife know whether Tim built?
What did this wife know that Tim built?
What won't this wife know who built?
What won't this wife know she built?
What won't this wife know who wrote?
What won't this wife know she wrote?
Who did the female player show whether James supported?
Who did the female player show that James supported?
What did the female player show whether James found?
What did the female player show that James found?
What may the female player believe who found?
What may the female player believe she found?
What may the female player believe who remembered?
What may the female player believe she remembered?
Who did the father remember whether Thomas thanked?
Who did the father remember that Thomas thanked?
Who did this girl remember whether Walter called?
Who did this girl remember that Walter called?
What did this girl remember whether Walter thanked her for?
What did this girl remember that Walter thanked her for?
What should this girl ask who described?
What should this girl ask she described?
Who did this mother know whether Anna told the story?
Who did this mother know that Anna told the story?
What did this mother know whether Anna described?
What did this mother know that Anna described?
Who did the wife feel whether Ruth watched?
Who did the wife feel that Ruth watched?
What did the wife feel whether Ruth moved?
What did the wife feel that Ruth moved?
What will the wife remember who moved?
What will the wife remember she moved?
What will the wife remember who raised?
What will the wife remember she raised?
Who did the man feel whether Bruce visited?
Who did the man feel that Bruce visited?
What did the mother learn whether Ted taught?
What did the mother learn that Ted taught?
Who did the women say whether Tim thanked?
Who did the women say that Tim thanked?
What did the women say whether Tim thanked?
What did the women say that Tim thanked?
What shall the women find out who thanked her for?
What shall the women find out she thanked her for?
What shall the women find out who wrote?
What shall the women find out they wrote?
Who did this male president learn whether James saved?
Who did this male president learn that James saved?
What did this male president learn whether James won?
What did this male president learn that James won?
Who did the brother think whether Jason met?
Who did the brother think that Jason met?
What did the brother think whether Jason won?
What did the brother think that Jason won?
What couldn't the brother realize who won?
What couldn't the brother realize he won?
What couldn't the brother realize who taught?
What couldn't the brother realize he taught?
Who did this father mean whether Kelly met?
Who did this father mean that Kelly met?
What shall this father say who left at home?
What shall this father say he left at home?
Who did this mother say whether Ryan saw?
Who did this mother say that Ryan saw?
What did this mother say whether Ryan described?
What did this mother say that Ryan described?
What will this male president believe who saved?
What will this male president believe he saved?
What will this male president believe who described?
What will this male president believe he described?
What can't this man think who thanked him for?
What can't this man think he thanked him for?
Who did the princess feel whether Alice found?
Who did the princess feel that Alice found?
What did the princess feel whether Alice built?
What did the princess feel that Alice built?
What won't the princess tell her who built?
What won't the princess tell her she built?
What won't the princess tell her who raised?
What won't the princess tell her she raised?
Who did this female player mean whether Philip asked about?
Who did this female player mean that Philip asked about?
What did this female player mean whether Philip controlled?
What did this female player mean that Philip controlled?
What can't this female player realize who controlled?
What can't this female player realize she controlled?
What can't this female player realize who built?
What can't this female player realize she built?
Who did the wife think whether Steve led?
Who did the wife think that Steve led?
What did the wife think whether Steve made?
What did the wife think that Steve made?
What can't the wife see who made?
What can't the wife see she made?
What can't the wife see who hit?
What can't the wife see she hit?
Who did this female president mean whether Richard defeated?
Who did this female president mean that Richard defeated?
What did this female president mean whether Richard moved?
What did this female president mean that Richard moved?
Who did the female professor believe whether Alice trusted?
Who did the female professor believe that Alice trusted?
What did the female professor believe whether Alice chose?
What did the female professor believe that Alice chose?
Who did this female player say whether Catherine trained?
Who did this female player say that Catherine trained?
What did this female player say whether Catherine ended?
What did this female player say that Catherine ended?
Who did the mother know whether Maria led?
Who did the mother know that Maria led?
What couldn't the mother ask who made?
What couldn't the mother ask she made?
What did this female professor believe whether Alice hit?
What did this female professor believe that Alice hit?
What needn't this female professor tell who hit?
What needn't this female professor tell she hit?
What needn't this female professor tell who remembered?
What needn't this female professor tell she remembered?
Who did this mother remember whether Ann defeated?
Who did this mother remember that Ann defeated?
What will this mother guess who shared with her?
What will this mother guess she shared with her?
Who did the father hear whether Bruce served?
Who did the father hear that Bruce served?
What did the father hear whether Bruce found?
What did the father hear that Bruce found?
What couldn't the father see who found?
What couldn't the father see he found?
Who did the brother remember whether Victoria defeated?
Who did the brother remember that Victoria defeated?
What did the brother remember whether Victoria remembered?
What did the brother remember that Victoria remembered?
Who did this brother show whether Victoria visited?
Who did this brother show that Victoria visited?
What didn't this brother know who found?
What didn't this brother know he found?
Who did the wife think whether Ted invited to the party?
Who did the wife think that Ted invited to the party?
Who did this male professor hear whether Kevin asked about?
Who did this male professor hear that Kevin asked about?
What did this male professor hear whether Kevin helped with?
What did this male professor hear that Kevin helped with?
What didn't this male professor see who helped with?
What didn't this male professor see he helped with?
What did this mother say whether Charles made?
What did this mother say that Charles made?
Who did this brother know whether Kevin met?
Who did this brother know that Kevin met?
What could this brother remember who taught?
What could this brother remember he taught?
Who did this female doctor show whether Charles thanked?
Who did this female doctor show that Charles thanked?
What did this female doctor show whether Charles served?
What did this female doctor show that Charles served?
What shall this female doctor find out who served?
What shall this female doctor find out she served?
What shall this female doctor find out who won?
What shall this female doctor find out she won?
Who did this boy think whether Richard saved?
Who did this boy think that Richard saved?
What did this boy think whether Richard drew?
What did this boy think that Richard drew?
What doesn't this boy learn who drew?
What doesn't this boy learn he drew?
What doesn't this boy learn who fought for?
What doesn't this boy learn he fought for?
Who did the prince hear whether Kelly thanked?
Who did the prince hear that Kelly thanked?
What did the prince hear whether Kelly helped with?
What did the prince hear that Kelly helped with?
Who did this female doctor think whether Edward defeated?
Who did this female doctor think that Edward defeated?
What did this female doctor think whether Edward built?
What did this female doctor think that Edward built?
What may this female doctor learn who built?
What may this female doctor learn she built?
Who did the male player report whether Sarah attacked?
Who did the male player report that Sarah attacked?
What did the male player report whether Sarah helped with?
What did the male player report that Sarah helped with?
What didn't the male player know who helped with?
What didn't the male player know he helped with?
Who did the king say whether Elizabeth invited to the party?
Who did the king say that Elizabeth invited to the party?
What did the king say whether Elizabeth served?
What did the king say that Elizabeth served?
What would the king think who liked?
What would the king think he liked?
What would the king think who saved?
What would the king think he saved?
Who did the women learn whether Mary liked?
Who did the women learn that Mary liked?
What did the women learn whether Mary shared with her?
What did the women learn that Mary shared with her?
What don't the women know who shared?
What don't the women know she shared?
What don't the women know who raised?
What don't the women know she raised?
Who did this lady believe whether Alice trained with?
Who did this lady believe that Alice trained with?
What did this lady believe whether Alice controlled?
What did this lady believe that Alice controlled?
Who did this female doctor know whether Maria met with?
Who did this female doctor know that Maria met with?
What did this female doctor know whether Maria helped with?
What did this female doctor know that Maria helped with?
What can't this female doctor find out who helped with?
What can't this female doctor find out she helped with?
What can't this female doctor find out who thanked her for?
What can't this female doctor find out she thanked her for?
Who did this princess believe whether Kelly trained?
Who did this princess believe that Kelly trained?
What did this princess believe whether Kelly raised?
What did this princess believe that Kelly raised?
Who did the daughter mean whether Ryan attacked?
Who did the daughter mean that Ryan attacked?
What did the daughter mean whether Ryan built?
What did the daughter mean that Ryan built?
Who did the women hear whether Pierre saw?
Who did the women hear that Pierre saw?
What did the women hear whether Pierre informed him about?
What did the women hear that Pierre informed him about?
What will the women remember who informed her about?
What will the women remember she informed her about?
Who did this female doctor believe whether Helen believed?
Who did this female doctor believe that Helen believed?
What did this female doctor believe whether Helen taught?
What did this female doctor believe that Helen taught?
What should this female doctor decide who taught?
What should this female doctor decide she taught?
What should this female doctor decide who told the man?
What should this female doctor decide she told the man?
What did this brother say whether Maria moved to her house?
What did this brother say that Maria moved to her house?
Who did the mother hear whether Bruce led?
Who did the mother hear that Bruce led?
What did the mother hear whether Bruce made?
What did the mother hear that Bruce made?
Who did the male player hear whether Kelly married?
Who did the male player hear that Kelly married?
What did the male player hear whether Kelly taught?
What did the male player hear that Kelly taught?
What might the male player find out who taught?
What might the male player find out he taught?
What might the male player find out who told?
What might the male player find out he told?
Who did this daughter report whether Victoria met?
Who did this daughter report that Victoria met?
What did this daughter report whether Victoria shared?
What did this daughter report that Victoria shared?
What does this daughter think who shared with her mom?
What does this daughter think she shared with her mom?
What does this daughter think who built?
What does this daughter think she built?
Who did the female president explain whether Philip found?
Who did the female president explain that Philip found?
What did the female president explain whether Philip made?
What did the female president explain that Philip made?
What will the female president learn who made?
What will the female president learn she made?
What will the female president learn who showed?
What will the female president learn she showed?
Who did this female president believe whether Fred joined?
Who did this female president believe that Fred joined?
Who did this women say whether Carl met?
Who did this women say that Carl met?
What did this women say whether Carl drew?
What did this women say that Carl drew?
What didn't this women believe who drew?
What didn't this women believe she drew?
What didn't this women believe who chose?
What didn't this women believe she chose?
Who did this daughter remember whether Philip invited?
Who did this daughter remember that Philip invited?
What did this daughter remember whether Philip moved to his house?
What did this daughter remember that Philip moved to his house?
What shall this man ask who told the doctor about?
What shall this man ask he told the doctor about?
Who did the female professor learn whether Tim attacked?
Who did the female professor learn that Tim attacked?
What did the female professor learn whether Tim saved?
What did the female professor learn that Tim saved?
What can the female professor guess who saved?
What can the female professor guess she saved?
What can the female professor guess who found?
What can the female professor guess she found?
Who did this wife remember whether Catherine trusted?
Who did this wife remember that Catherine trusted?
What did this wife remember whether Catherine drew?
What did this wife remember that Catherine drew?
What don't this wife know who drew?
What don't this wife know she drew?
Who did the father know whether James visited?
Who did the father know that James visited?
What did the father know whether James taught?
What did the father know that James taught?
Who did this brother show whether Mary taught English to?
Who did this brother show that Mary taught English to?
Who did this brother show whether Mary shared the food with?
Who did this brother show that Mary shared the food with?
Who could this father show who shared the tea with?
Who could this father show he shared the tea with?
Who did this male doctor write whether James visited?
Who did this male doctor write that James visited?
What did this male doctor write whether James informed him about?
What did this male doctor write that James informed him about?
What did this male doctor decide who made up?
What did this male doctor decide he made up?
What did the male president mean whether Sarah saved?
What did the male president mean that Sarah saved?
What shouldn't the male president think who saved?
What shouldn't the male president think he saved?
What shouldn't the male president think who helped with?
What shouldn't the male president think he helped with?
Who did this lady say whether Ryan joined?
Who did this lady say that Ryan joined?
What did this mother show whether Fred watched?
What did this mother show that Fred watched?
What did this mother show whether Fred wrote?
What did this mother show that Fred wrote?
What won't this mother see who wrote?
What won't this mother see she wrote?
What won't this mother see who raised?
What won't this mother see she raised?
Who did the male doctor learn whether Alice supported?
Who did the male doctor learn that Alice supported?
What did the male doctor learn whether Alice found?
What did the male doctor learn that Alice found?
What couldn't the male doctor show who found?
What couldn't the male doctor show he found?
What couldn't the male doctor remember who wrote?
What couldn't the male doctor remember he wrote?
Who did the princess remember whether Elizabeth trained?
Who did the princess remember that Elizabeth trained?
What did the princess write whether Elizabeth drew?
What did the princess write that Elizabeth drew?
What didn't the princess ask who drew?
What didn't the princess ask she drew?
What didn't the princess ask who won?
What didn't the princess ask she won?
Who did this female professor report whether Elizabeth attacked?
Who did this female professor report that Elizabeth attacked?
What did this female professor report whether Elizabeth taught?
What did this female professor report that Elizabeth taught?
Who did this female professor feel whether Louis helped?
Who did this female professor feel that Louis helped?
What did this female professor feel whether Louis ended?
What did this female professor feel that Louis ended?
What couldn't this female professor learn who ended?
What couldn't this female professor learn she ended?
Who did the male president think whether Carl understood at the meeting?
Who did the male president think that Carl understood at the meeting?
What did the male president think whether Carl shared with him?
What did the male president think that Carl shared with him?
What need the male president learn who shared with the man?
What need the male president learn he shared with the man?
What need the male president learn who helped with?
What need the male president learn he helped with?
Who did the male president feel whether Ryan supported?
Who did the male president feel that Ryan supported?
What did the male president feel whether Ryan moved?
What did the male president feel that Ryan moved?
What can the male president learn who moved?
What can the male president learn he moved?
What can the male president learn who made?
What can the male president learn he made?
Who did this male player see whether Dennis invited?
Who did this male player see that Dennis invited?
What did this male player see whether Dennis thanked?
What did this male player see that Dennis thanked?
What could this male player decide who thanked?
What could this male player decide he thanked?
What did the man believe whether Catherine made?
What did the man believe that Catherine made?
What can't the man believe who made?
What can't the man believe he made?
What can't the man believe who moved?
What can't the man believe he moved?
Who did this brother write whether Gary called?
Who did this brother write that Gary called?
What will this brother learn who taught?
What will this brother learn he taught?
Who did the mother explain whether Kevin led?
Who did the mother explain that Kevin led?
What did the mother explain whether Kevin informed her about?
What did the mother explain that Kevin informed her about?
What couldn't the mother know who informed her about?
What couldn't the mother know she informed her about?
What couldn't the mother know who thanked her for?
What couldn't the mother know she thanked her for?
Who did this female doctor report whether Dennis thanked her for?
Who did this female doctor report that Dennis thanked her for?
What did this female doctor report whether Dennis informed her about?
What did this female doctor report that Dennis informed her about?
What can this female doctor say who informed her about?
What can this female doctor say she informed her about?
What can this female doctor say who shared with her?
What can this female doctor say she shared with her?
Who did the lady believe whether Martin hit?
Who did the lady believe that Martin hit?
What did the lady believe whether Martin described?
What did the lady believe that Martin described?
What would the lady believe who described?
What would the lady believe she described?
Who did this female doctor learn whether Edward supported?
Who did this female doctor learn that Edward supported?
What did this female doctor learn whether Edward moved?
What did this female doctor learn that Edward moved?
What must this female doctor believe who moved?
What must this female doctor believe she moved?
What must this female doctor believe who found?
What must this female doctor believe she found?
Who did this prince feel whether Anna trusted?
Who did this prince feel that Anna trusted?
What did this prince feel whether Anna drew?
What did this prince feel that Anna drew?
Who did the prince write whether Gary trained?
Who did the prince write that Gary trained?
What did the prince write whether Gary taught?
What did the prince write that Gary taught?
What does the prince say who taught?
What does the prince say he taught?
What does the prince say who showed to him?
What does the prince say he showed to him?
Who did the daughter mean whether Fred loved?
Who did the daughter mean that Fred loved?
Who did the princess learn whether Walter found?
Who did the princess learn that Walter found?
What didn't the princess tell her who taught?
What didn't the princess tell her she taught?
Who did this wife say whether Charles visited?
Who did this wife say that Charles visited?
What did this wife say whether Charles told?
What did this wife say that Charles told?
Who did this male doctor think whether Kevin invited?
Who did this male doctor think that Kevin invited?
What did this male doctor think whether Kevin helped?
What did this male doctor think that Kevin helped?
What doesn't this male doctor guess who helped with?
What doesn't this male doctor guess he helped with?
What doesn't this male doctor guess who taught?
What doesn't this male doctor guess he taught?
Who did the prince feel whether Steve found?
Who did the prince feel that Steve found?
What did the prince feel whether Steve hit?
What did the prince feel that Steve hit?
What might the prince remember who hit?
What might the prince remember he hit?
What might the prince remember who won?
What might the prince remember he won?
Who did this women show whether Ted called?
Who did this women show that Ted called?
What did this women show whether Ted controlled?
What did this women show that Ted controlled?
What may this women show who controlled?
What may this women show she controlled?
What may this women show who fought?
What may this women show she fought?
Who did the women say whether Kevin served?
Who did the women say that Kevin served?
What did the women say whether Kevin won?
What did the women say that Kevin won?
What won't the women tell who won?
What won't the women tell she won?
What won't the women tell who told?
What won't the women tell she told?
Who did this brother say whether Ryan met with?
Who did this brother say that Ryan met with?
Who did the male president report whether Ruth loved very much?
Who did the male president report that Ruth loved very much?
What did the male president report whether Ruth held?
What did the male president report that Ruth held?
What mustn't the male president guess who held?
What mustn't the male president guess he held?
What mustn't the male president guess who found?
What mustn't the male president guess he found?
Who did this female doctor say whether Nick joined?
Who did this female doctor say that Nick joined?
What will this female doctor say who wrote about?
What will this female doctor say she wrote about?
Who did this male president report whether Philip helped?
Who did this male president report that Philip helped?
What did this male president report whether Philip held?
What did this male president report that Philip held?
What couldn't this male president learn who held?
What couldn't this male president learn he held?
What couldn't this male president learn who taught?
What couldn't this male president learn he taught?
Who did this boy feel whether Scott trusted?
Who did this boy feel that Scott trusted?
What can this male professor believe who remembered?
What can this male professor believe he remembered?
What did this male player explain whether Catherine taught?
What did this male player explain that Catherine taught?
Who did the girl report whether Kelly believed?
Who did the girl report that Kelly believed?
What did the girl report whether Kelly wrote?
What did the girl report that Kelly wrote?
Who did this brother hear whether Thomas supported?
Who did this brother hear that Thomas supported?
What did this brother hear whether Thomas thanked him for?
What did this brother hear that Thomas thanked him for?
What would this brother think who remembered?
What would this brother think he remembered?
What mustn't this wife guess who described?
What mustn't this wife guess she described?
Who did the female professor know whether Helen met?
Who did the female professor know that Helen met?
What did the female professor know whether Helen played?
What did the female professor know that Helen played?
Who did this princess learn whether Mary trusted?
Who did this princess learn that Mary trusted?
What needn't this prince see who fought for?
What needn't this prince see he fought for?
What needn't this prince see who controlled?
What needn't this prince see he controlled?
What did this man write whether Walter made?
What did this man write that Walter made?
What couldn't this man find out who made?
What couldn't this man find out he made?
What couldn't this man find out who chose?
What couldn't this man find out he chose?
What need the brother guess who found?
What need the brother guess he found?
What didn't this king tell who helped?
What didn't this king tell he helped?
What mustn't the boy say who described?
What mustn't the boy say he described?
What mustn't the boy say who thanked him for?
What mustn't the boy say he thanked him for?
What did the boy see whether Helen drew on the paper?
What did the boy see that Helen drew on the paper?
What doesn't this male professor think who thanked him for?
What doesn't this male professor think he thanked him for?
What doesn't this male professor think who played with?
What doesn't this male professor think he played with?
What shall the male player say who moved to the park?
What shall the male player say he moved to the park?
What didn't this female president think who saved?
What didn't this female president think she saved?
Who did this female doctor feel whether Ted attacked?
Who did this female doctor feel that Ted attacked?
What did this female doctor feel whether Ted thanked her for?
What did this female doctor feel that Ted thanked her for?
Who did the mother explain whether Michael invited to the party?
Who did the mother explain that Michael invited to the party?
What couldn't the mother remember who taught?
What couldn't the mother remember she taught?
What won't this male professor decide who won?
What won't this male professor decide he won?
What did the brother show who shared with the man?
What did the brother show he shared with the man?
What did the brother show who taught?
What did the brother show he taught?
What can't this lady know who found?
What can't this lady know she found?
What can't this lady know who helped with?
What can't this lady know she helped with?
What did the female doctor mean whether Alice helped with?
What did the female doctor mean that Alice helped with?