Catherine sees herself joined this committee.
Catherine sees herself joining this committee.
Gary sees himself joined this committee.
Gary sees himself joining this committee.
The girl explains that the man believes herself.
The girl explains that the man believes himself.
Jerry explains that the female player believes himself.
Jerry explains that the female player believes herself.
Kelly knows that the king enjoys herself.
Kelly knows that the king enjoys himself.
Anthony knows that the female president enjoys himself.
Anthony knows that the female president enjoys herself.
Kelly imagines herself enjoyed that music.
Kelly imagines herself enjoying that music.
Anthony describes himself enjoyed that music.
Anthony describes himself enjoying that music.
Alice knows that the man admires herself.
Alice knows that the man admires himself.
William knows that the woman admires himself.
William knows that the woman admires herself.
Alice describes herself described the process.
Alice describes herself describing the process.
William describes himself described the process.
William describes himself describing the process.
Victoria explains that the father blames herself.
Victoria explains that the father blames himself.
Jack explains that the mother blames himself.
Jack explains that the mother blames herself.
Sarah shows that the brother enjoys herself.
Sarah shows that the brother enjoys himself.
Robert shows that the female president enjoys himself.
Robert shows that the female president enjoys herself.
Sarah considers herself enjoyed some film.
Sarah considers herself enjoying some film.
Robert considers himself enjoyed some film.
Robert considers himself enjoying some film.
The daughter imagines herself opened this door.
The daughter imagines herself opening this door.
Dan considers himself opened this door.
Dan considers himself opening this door.
Jane feels that the prince teaches herself.
Jane feels that the prince teaches himself.
The king feels that the wife teaches himself.
The king feels that the wife teaches herself.
Jane imagines herself taught the course.
Jane imagines herself teaching the course.
The king considers himself taught the course.
The king considers himself teaching the course.
Anna feels that the father relies on herself.
Anna feels that the father relies on himself.
The male player feels that the wife relies on himself.
The male player feels that the wife relies on herself.
Anna imagines herself lived with her parents.
Anna imagines herself living with her parents.
The male player considers himself lived with his parents.
The male player considers himself living with his parents.
Maria imagines herself ended a war.
Maria imagines herself ending a war.
Oliver considers himself ended a war.
Oliver considers himself ending a war.
The wife hears that the male player sees herself in the mirror.
The wife hears that the male player sees himself in the mirror.
The father hears that the female president sees himself in the mirror.
The father hears that the female president sees herself in the mirror.
The wife sees herself joined some party.
The wife sees herself joining some party.
The father sees himself joined some party.
The father sees himself joining some party.
The lady feels that the brother admires herself.
The lady feels that the brother admires himself.
Adam feels that the female president admires himself.
Adam feels that the female president admires herself.
The lady imagines herself started this season.
The lady imagines herself starting this season.
Adam considers himself started this season.
Adam considers himself starting this season.
The boy writes that the lady protects himself.
The boy writes that the lady protects herself.
The boy considers himself opened the museum.
The boy considers himself opening the museum.
Ann means that the father improves herself.
Ann means that the father improves himself.
The male president means that the lady improves himself.
The male president means that the lady improves herself.
The female doctor sees herself threw this ball.
The female doctor sees herself throwing this ball.
John sees himself threw this ball.
John sees himself throwing this ball.
The female president explains that the prince saves herself.
The female president explains that the prince saves himself.
The prince explains that the girl saves himself.
The prince explains that the girl saves herself.
The girl hears that the male player supports herself.
The girl hears that the male player supports himself.
Stephen hears that the female doctor supports himself.
Stephen hears that the female doctor supports herself.
Alice sees that the father supports herself.
Alice sees that the father supports himself.
Adam sees that the daughter supports himself.
Adam sees that the daughter supports herself.
Alice sees herself raised some children.
Alice sees herself raising some children.
Adam sees himself raised some children.
Adam sees himself raising some children.
The woman means that the brother protects herself.
The woman means that the brother protects himself.
Paul means that the girl protects himself.
Paul means that the girl protects herself.
The woman imagines herself designed that program.
The woman imagines herself designing that program.
Paul imagines himself designed that program.
Paul imagines himself designing that program.
The female professor learns that the male professor sees herself in the mirror.
The female professor learns that the male professor sees himself in the mirror.
The man learns that the girl sees himself in the mirror.
The man learns that the girl sees herself in the mirror.
The female professor imagines herself joined some team.
The female professor imagines herself joining some team.
The man imagines himself joined some team.
The man imagines himself joining some team.
Mary understands that the male doctor saves herself.
Mary understands that the male doctor saves himself.
Matt understands that the girl saves himself.
Matt understands that the girl saves herself.
Mary knows that the male professor admires herself.
Mary knows that the male professor admires himself.
Carl knows that the wife admires himself.
Carl knows that the wife admires herself.
Ruth imagines herself won this championship.
Ruth imagines herself winning this championship.
Stephen imagines himself won this championship.
Stephen imagines himself winning this championship.
The girl sees that the male player changes herself.
The girl sees that the male player changes himself.
Dennis sees that the mother changes himself.
Dennis sees that the mother changes herself.
The girl sees herself closed her eyes.
The girl sees herself closing her eyes.
Dennis sees himself closed his eyes.
Dennis sees himself closing his eyes.
Victoria knows that the prince helps herself.
Victoria knows that the prince helps himself.
The male president knows that the mother helps himself.
The male president knows that the mother helps herself.
Victoria describes herself called that meeting.
Victoria describes herself calling that meeting.
The male president describes himself called that meeting.
The male president describes himself calling that meeting.
Carl imagines himself sold that house.
Carl imagines himself selling that house.
The female player means that the male president hits herself.
The female player means that the male president hits himself.
Oliver means that the lady hits himself.
Oliver means that the lady hits herself.
The female player imagines herself hit some target.
The female player imagines herself hitting some target.
Oliver imagines himself hit some target.
Oliver imagines himself hitting some target.
The mother learns that the king supports herself.
The mother learns that the king supports himself.
Anthony learns that the female player supports himself.
Anthony learns that the female player supports herself.
The mother imagines herself supported that family.
The mother imagines herself supporting that family.
Anthony imagines himself supported that family.
Anthony imagines himself supporting that family.
Victoria learns that the man hurts herself.
Victoria learns that the man hurts himself.
The male player learns that the wife hurts himself.
The male player learns that the wife hurts herself.
Victoria imagines herself ended this season.
Victoria imagines herself ending this season.
The male player imagines himself ended this season.
The male player imagines himself ending this season.
The female professor imagines herself drove a bus.
The female professor imagines herself driving a bus.
Jason imagines himself drove a bus.
Jason imagines himself driving a bus.
The woman describes herself painted some wall.
The woman describes herself painting some wall.
Charles describes himself painted some wall.
Charles describes himself painting some wall.
The female president hears that the prince thanks herself.
The female president hears that the prince thanks himself.
The father hears that the female president thanks himself.
The father hears that the female president thanks herself.
The female president sees herself thanked this friend.
The female president sees herself thanking this friend.
The father sees himself thanked this friend.
The father sees himself thanking this friend.
Alice sees herself added a data point to the database.
Alice sees herself adding a data point to the database.
Alexander sees himself added a data point to the database.
Alexander sees himself adding a data point to the database.
The woman says that the king understands herself.
The woman says that the king understands himself.
Ben says that the woman understands himself.
Ben says that the woman understands herself.
Victoria imagines herself threw the ball.
Victoria imagines herself throwing the ball.
Adam considers himself threw the ball.
Adam considers himself throwing the ball.
Maria considers herself sold a car.
Maria considers herself selling a car.
The boy considers himself sold a car.
The boy considers himself selling a car.
The female president feels that the boy loses herself.
The female president feels that the boy loses himself.
Ben feels that the female player loses himself.
Ben feels that the female player loses herself.
The female president imagines herself lost that game.
The female president imagines herself losing that game.
Ben considers himself lost that game.
Ben considers himself losing that game.
The princess considers herself moved this house.
The princess considers herself moving this house.
Paul considers himself moved the house.
Paul considers himself moving the house.
The girl shows that the male doctor understands herself.
The girl shows that the male doctor understands himself.
Sam shows that the daughter understands himself.
Sam shows that the daughter understands herself.
The girl considers herself understood that story.
The girl considers herself understanding that story.
Sam considers himself understood that story.
Sam considers himself understanding that story.
The female professor reports that the man believes herself.
The female professor reports that the man believes himself.
Jerry reports that the female player believes himself.
Jerry reports that the female player believes herself.
The female professor considered herself believed this news.
The female professor considered herself believing this news.
Jerry describes himself believed this news.
Jerry describes himself believing this news.
Maria shows that the boy supports herself.
Maria shows that the boy supports himself.
The brother shows that the mother supports himself.
The brother shows that the mother supports herself.
Maria considers herself raised the money.
Maria considers herself raising the money.
The brother considers himself raised the money.
The brother considers himself raising the money.
The female professor feels that the male president loves herself.
The female professor feels that the male president loves himself.
Matt feels that the mother loves himself.
Matt feels that the mother loves herself.
The female professor imagines herself loved some music.
The female professor imagines herself loving some music.
Matt considers himself loved some music.
Matt considers himself loving some music.
Ruth understands that the male professor forgives herself.
Ruth understands that the male professor forgives himself.
The male doctor understands that the female doctor forgives himself.
The male doctor understands that the female doctor forgives herself.
Elizabeth says that the prince saves herself.
Elizabeth says that the prince saves himself.
Robert says that the wife saves himself.
Robert says that the wife saves herself.
Elizabeth sees herself saved some time.
Elizabeth sees herself saving some time.
Robert sees himself saved some time.
Robert sees himself saving some time.
Jane considers herself added this number to the list.
Jane considers herself adding this number to the list.
The male doctor considers himself added this numbers to the list.
The male doctor considers himself adding this numbers to the list.
Elizabeth explains that the king saves herself.
Elizabeth explains that the king saves himself.
Lawrence explains that the daughter saves himself.
Lawrence explains that the daughter saves herself.
The wife imagines herself tried a method.
The wife imagines herself trying a method.
Ryan imagines himself tried a method.
Ryan imagines himself trying a method.
The female player sees herself tried that method.
The female player sees herself trying that method.
Jerry sees himself tried that method.
Jerry sees himself trying that method.
Ruth writes that the boy changes herself.
Ruth writes that the boy changes himself.
The male doctor writes that the female president changes himself.
The male doctor writes that the female president changes herself.
Ruth considers herself closed the door.
Ruth considers herself closing the door.
The male doctor considers himself closed the door.
The male doctor considers himself closing the door.
The woman shows that the father studies herself.
The woman shows that the father studies himself.
Matt shows that the woman studies himself.
Matt shows that the woman studies herself.
The woman considers herself studied the history.
The woman considers herself studying the history.
Matt considers himself studied the history.
Matt considers himself studying the history.
Ann imagines herself married a woman.
Ann imagines herself marrying a woman.
The man considers himself married a woman.
The man considers himself marrying a woman.
Catherine understands that the male professor blames herself.
Catherine understands that the male professor blames himself.
The male doctor understands that the lady blames himself.
The male doctor understands that the lady blames herself.
Helen sees herself explained the reason.
Helen sees herself explaining the reason.
Dan sees himself explained the reason.
Dan sees himself explaining the reason.
The woman describes herself carried the water.
The woman describes herself carrying the water.
Paul describes himself carried the water.
Paul describes himself carrying the water.
Jane thinks that the brother admires herself.
Jane thinks that the brother admires himself.
Adam thinks that the female doctor admires himself.
Adam thinks that the female doctor admires herself.
Jane describes herself took the picture.
Jane describes herself taking the picture.
Adam describes himself took the picture.
Adam describes himself taking the picture.
Jane writes that the prince finds herself.
Jane writes that the prince finds himself.
Jason writes that the girl finds himself.
Jason writes that the girl finds herself.
Jane considers herself found the job.
Jane considers herself finding the job.
Jason considers himself found the job.
Jason considers himself finding the job.
The female president reports that the prince saves herself.
The female president reports that the prince saves himself.
Sam reports that the female player saves himself.
Sam reports that the female player saves herself.
The woman thinks that the male player helps herself.
The woman thinks that the male player helps himself.
Jason thinks that the wife helps himself.
Jason thinks that the wife helps herself.
The woman describes herself helped this child.
The woman describes herself helping this child.
Jason describes himself helped this child.
Jason describes himself helping this child.
The princess understands that the prince believes herself.
The princess understands that the prince believes himself.
Victor understands that the female player believes himself.
Victor understands that the female player believes herself.
The female president describes herself shared the information.
The female president describes herself sharing the information.
Roger describes himself shared the information.
Roger describes himself sharing the information.
Ann hears that the father cares for herself.
Ann hears that the father cares for himself.
Gary hears that the girl cares for himself.
Gary hears that the girl cares for herself.
Ann sees herself bought some goods.
Ann sees herself buying some goods.
Gary sees himself bought some goods.
Gary sees himself buying some goods.
The female doctor explains that the man helps herself.
The female doctor explains that the man helps himself.
Matt explains that the female professor helps himself.
Matt explains that the female professor helps herself.
The wife writes that the father teaches herself.
The wife writes that the father teaches himself.
Roger writes that the woman teaches himself.
Roger writes that the woman teaches herself.
The wife considers herself taught a course.
The wife considers herself teaching a course.
Roger considers himself taught a course.
Roger considers himself teaching a course.
The mother imagines herself moved some position.
The mother imagines herself moving some position.
Martin imagines himself moved some position.
Martin imagines himself moving some position.
The mother believes herself drew that picture.
The mother believes herself drawing that picture.
Thomas believes himself drew that picture.
Thomas believes himself drawing that picture.
Alice sees that the king hits herself.
Alice sees that the king hits himself.
Jerry sees that the princess hits himself.
Jerry sees that the princess hits herself.
Alice sees herself hit that record.
Alice sees herself hitting that record.
Jerry sees himself hit that record.
Jerry sees himself hitting that record.
Catherine believes that the boy fights for herself.
Catherine believes that the boy fights for himself.
Dennis believes that the female president fights for himself.
Dennis believes that the female president fights for herself.
Catherine believes herself fought the fire.
Catherine believes herself fighting the fire.
Dennis believes himself fought the fire.
Dennis believes himself fighting the fire.
Alice feels that the father protects herself.
Alice feels that the father protects himself.
The man feels that the girl protects himself.
The man feels that the girl protects herself.
Alice imagines herself opened an account.
Alice imagines herself opening an account.
The man considers himself opened an account.
The man considers himself opening an account.
Alice reports that the boy helps herself.
Alice reports that the boy helps himself.
The king reports that the woman helps himself.
The king reports that the woman helps herself.
Alice describes herself helped a family.
Alice describes herself helping a family.
The king describes himself helped a family.
The king describes himself helping a family.
Ruth thinks that the male doctor helps herself.
Ruth thinks that the male doctor helps himself.
Martin thinks that the woman helps himself.
Martin thinks that the woman helps herself.
Ruth describes herself fixed some car.
Ruth describes herself fixing some car.
Martin describes himself fixed some car.
Martin describes himself fixing some car.
Anna believes that the brother forgives herself.
Anna believes that the brother forgives himself.
Jack believes that the mother forgives himself.
Jack believes that the mother forgives herself.
Alice sees herself stopped this car.
Alice sees herself stopping this car.
The father sees himself stopped this car.
The father sees himself stopping this car.
Sarah believes that the prince draws herself.
Sarah believes that the prince draws himself.
Oliver believes that the girl draws himself.
Oliver believes that the girl draws herself.
Sarah believes herself drew a line.
Sarah believes herself drawing a line.
Oliver believes himself drew a line.
Oliver believes himself drawing a line.
Kelly feels that the brother thanks herself.
Kelly feels that the brother thanks himself.
The boy feels that the daughter thanks himself.
The boy feels that the daughter thanks herself.
Kelly imagines herself thanked the assistant.
Kelly imagines herself thanking the assistant.
The boy considers himself thanked the assistant.
The boy considers himself thanking the assistant.
Helen considers herself performed a song.
Helen considers herself performing a song.
John considers himself performed a song.
John considers himself performing a song.
The lady knows that the male player dresses herself.
The lady knows that the male player dresses himself.
The male player knows that the female professor dresses himself.
The male player knows that the female professor dresses herself.
The lady describes herself fought in that war.
The lady describes herself fighting in that war.
The male player describes himself fought in that war.
The male player describes himself fighting in that war.
Mary considers herself gave that speech.
Mary considers herself giving that speech.
Alexander considers himself gave that speech.
Alexander considers himself giving that speech.
Sarah describes herself asked a question.
Sarah describes herself asking a question.
The prince describes himself asked a question.
The prince describes himself asking a question.
Catherine imagines herself performed some music.
Catherine imagines herself performing some music.
Dennis considers himself performed some music.
Dennis considers himself performing some music.
The wife explains that the male president attacks herself.
The wife explains that the male president attacks himself.
Lawrence explains that the princess attacks himself.
Lawrence explains that the princess attacks herself.
The mother learns that the father asks herself a question.
The mother learns that the father asks himself a question.
Ryan learns that the female player asks himself a question.
Ryan learns that the female player asks herself a question.
The mother imagines herself asked some question.
The mother imagines herself asking some question.
Ryan imagines himself asked some question.
Ryan imagines himself asking some question.
Ruth reports that the father relies on herself.
Ruth reports that the father relies on himself.
Victor reports that the girl relies on himself.
Victor reports that the girl relies on herself.
Ruth describes herself lived with this parents.
Ruth describes herself living with this parents.
Victor describes himself lived with this parents.
Victor describes himself living with this parents.
Maria imagines herself performed this music.
Maria imagines herself performing this music.
Paul imagines himself performed this music.
Paul imagines himself performing this music.
Sarah thinks that the male professor brings herself to the park.
Sarah thinks that the male professor brings himself to the park.
Roger thinks that the female player brings himself to the park.
Roger thinks that the female player brings herself to the park.
Sarah describes herself brought the change.
Sarah describes herself bringing the change.
Roger describes himself brought the change.
Roger describes himself bringing the change.
The wife writes that the boy helps herself.
The wife writes that the boy helps himself.
The male professor writes that the female player helps himself.
The male professor writes that the female player helps herself.
The wife considers herself fixed the car.
The wife considers herself fixing the car.
The male professor considers himself fixed the car.
The male professor considers himself fixing the car.
The girl imagines herself found the place.
The girl imagines herself finding the place.
Jimmy imagines himself found the place.
Jimmy imagines himself finding the place.
Ruth thinks that the male professor understands herself.
Ruth thinks that the male professor understands himself.
The father thinks that the lady understands himself.
The father thinks that the lady understands herself.
Ruth describes herself understood the story.
Ruth describes herself understanding the story.
The father describes himself understood the story.
The father describes himself understanding the story.
Catherine believes that the male player hurts herself.
Catherine believes that the male player hurts himself.
Alexander believes that the princess hurts himself.
Alexander believes that the princess hurts herself.
Catherine believes herself sent the message.
Catherine believes herself sending the message.
Alexander believes himself sent the message.
Alexander believes himself sending the message.
The female professor means that the prince teaches herself.
The female professor means that the prince teaches himself.
The male president means that the wife teaches himself.
The male president means that the wife teaches herself.
The female professor imagines herself taught that class.
The female professor imagines herself teaching that class.
The male president imagines himself taught that class.
The male president imagines himself teaching that class.
Helen learns that the male professor changes herself.
Helen learns that the male professor changes himself.
The king learns that the lady changes himself.
The king learns that the lady changes herself.
Helen imagines herself closed the door.
Helen imagines herself closing the door.
The king imagines himself closed the door.
The king imagines himself closing the door.
Ruth thinks that the father proves herself.
Ruth thinks that the father proves himself.
Victor thinks that the girl proves himself.
Victor thinks that the girl proves herself.
Ruth describes herself proved this case.
Ruth describes herself proving this case.
Victor describes himself proved this case.
Victor describes himself proving this case.
Ann explains that the male doctor blames herself.
Ann explains that the male doctor blames himself.
Thomas explains that the lady blames himself.
Thomas explains that the lady blames herself.
Elizabeth feels that the male player helps herself.
Elizabeth feels that the male player helps himself.
Jimmy feels that the female professor helps himself.
Jimmy feels that the female professor helps herself.
Elizabeth imagines herself informed this student.
Elizabeth imagines herself informing this student.
Jimmy considers himself informed this student.
Jimmy considers himself informing this student.
The female doctor explains that the male player chooses herself.
The female doctor explains that the male player chooses himself.
Thomas explains that the woman chooses himself.
Thomas explains that the woman chooses herself.
Elizabeth says that the male professor proves herself.
Elizabeth says that the male professor proves himself.
The brother says that the female professor proves himself.
The brother says that the female professor proves herself.
Elizabeth sees herself proved that case.
Elizabeth sees herself proving that case.
The brother sees himself proved that case.
The brother sees himself proving that case.
Catherine imagines herself drew the attention.
Catherine imagines herself drawing the attention.
Matt imagines himself drew the attention.
Matt imagines himself drawing the attention.
The female doctor considers herself held the election.
The female doctor considers herself holding the election.
Martin considers himself held the election.
Martin considers himself holding the election.
The female professor believes that the male professor adds herself.
The female professor believes that the male professor adds himself.
Roger believes himself added this information.
Roger believes himself adding this information.
The girl feels that the man admires herself.
The girl feels that the man admires himself.
Ryan feels that the female player admires himself.
Ryan feels that the female player admires herself.
The girl imagines herself described that picture.
The girl imagines herself describing that picture.
Ryan considers himself described that picture.
Ryan considers himself describing that picture.
Elizabeth believes herself produced the goods.
Elizabeth believes herself producing the goods.
Sam believes himself produced the goods.
Sam believes himself producing the goods.
The female doctor sees that the male doctor saves herself.
The female doctor sees that the male doctor saves himself.
The father sees that the mother saves himself.
The father sees that the mother saves herself.
The female doctor sees herself read this story.
The female doctor sees herself reading this story.
The father sees himself read this story.
The father sees himself reading this story.
Mary learns that the brother helps herself.
Mary learns that the brother helps himself.
Roger learns that the wife helps himself.
Roger learns that the wife helps herself.
Mary imagines herself helped the people.
Mary imagines herself helping the people.
Roger imagines himself helped the people.
Roger imagines himself helping the people.
The woman understands that the male doctor chooses herself.
The woman understands that the male doctor chooses himself.
The male professor understands that the woman chooses himself.
The male professor understands that the woman chooses herself.
The girl sees that the brother sells herself.
The girl sees that the brother sells himself.
Ben sees that the girl sells himself.
Ben sees that the girl sells herself.
The girl sees herself sold that goods.
The girl sees herself selling that goods.
Ben sees himself sold that goods.
Ben sees himself selling that goods.
Helen writes that the man admires herself.
Helen writes that the man admires himself.
The prince writes that the lady admires himself.
The prince writes that the lady admires herself.
Helen considers herself described a picture.
Helen considers herself describing a picture.
The prince considers himself described a picture.
The prince considers himself describing a picture.
Elizabeth sees herself reached the city.
Elizabeth sees herself reaching the city.
Jack sees himself reached the city.
Jack sees himself reaching the city.
.The lady describes herself won that war.
The lady describes herself winning that war.
Jason describes himself won that war.
Jason describes himself winning that war.
The woman writes that the male professor supports herself.
The woman writes that the male professor supports himself.
Stephen writes that the female doctor supports himself.
Stephen writes that the female doctor supports herself.
The woman considers herself raised the money.
The woman considers herself raising the money.
Stephen considers himself raised the money.
Stephen considers himself raising the money.
Jane explains that the father protects herself.
Jane explains that the father protects himself.
Lawrence explains that the wife protects himself.
Lawrence explains that the wife protects herself.
The lady considers herself reported the crime.
The lady considers herself reporting the crime.
The boy considers himself reported the crime.
The boy considers himself reporting the crime.
The princess feels that the king dresses herself.
The princess feels that the king dresses himself.
Oliver feels that the girl dresses himself.
Oliver feels that the girl dresses herself.
The princess imagines herself fought the enemy.
The princess imagines herself fighting the enemy.
Oliver considers himself fought the enemy.
Oliver considers himself fighting the enemy.
Ann imagines herself bought a car.
Ann imagines herself buying a car.
Matt imagines himself bought a car.
Matt imagines himself buying a car.
Jane reports that the man saves herself.
Jane reports that the man saves himself.
The boy reports that the female president saves himself.
The boy reports that the female president saves herself.
Jane describes herself read that story.
Jane describes herself reading that story.
The boy describes himself read that story.
The boy describes himself reading that story.
Mary thinks that the king attacks herself.
Mary thinks that the king attacks himself.
Sam thinks that the daughter attacks himself.
Sam thinks that the daughter attacks herself.
Mary describes herself attacked the enemy.
Mary describes herself attacking the enemy.
Sam describes himself attacked the enemy.
Sam describes himself attacking the enemy.
The princess imagines herself bought this book.
The princess imagines herself buying this book.
Carl imagines himself bought this book.
Carl imagines himself buying this book.
The daughter imagines herself performed this song.
The daughter imagines herself performing this song.
Alexander imagines himself performed this song.
Alexander imagines himself performing this song.
Kelly sees that the king blames herself.
Kelly sees that the king blames himself.
The male president sees that the female player blames himself.
The male president sees that the female player blames herself.
Alice describes herself held this line.
Alice describes herself holding this line.
The father describes himself held this line.
The father describes himself holding this line.
The mother sees herself reported that crime.
The mother sees herself reporting that crime.
Alexander sees himself reported that crime.
Alexander sees himself reporting that crime.
The female doctor learns that the man protects herself.
The female doctor learns that the man protects himself.
Jack learns that the woman protects himself.
Jack learns that the woman protects herself.
The female doctor imagines herself protected that people.
The female doctor imagines herself protecting that people.
Jack imagines himself protected that people.
Jack imagines himself protecting that people.
Anna imagines herself tried this method.
Anna imagines herself trying this method.
The male doctor imagines himself tried this method.
The male doctor imagines himself trying this method.
The female president writes that the brother helps herself.
The female president writes that the brother helps himself.
The male doctor writes that the female player helps himself.
The male doctor writes that the female player helps herself.
Maria imagines herself cut this line.
Maria imagines herself cutting this line.
Charles considers himself cut this line.
Charles considers himself cutting this line.
The wife means that the father dislikes herself.
The wife means that the father dislikes himself.
Anthony means that the wife dislikes himself.
Anthony means that the wife dislikes herself.
The woman imagines herself caught the train.
The woman imagines herself catching the train.
The king considers himself caught the train.
The king considers himself catching the train.
Victoria writes that the man thanks herself.
Victoria writes that the man thanks himself.
William writes that the mother thanks himself.
William writes that the mother thanks herself.
Victoria considers herself thanked that assistant.
Victoria considers herself thanking that assistant.
William considers himself thanked that assistant.
William considers himself thanking that assistant.
Sarah means that the male player believes herself.
Sarah means that the male player believes himself.
Jerry means that the mother believes himself.
Jerry means that the mother believes herself.
Sarah imagines herself believed the truth.
Sarah imagines herself believing the truth.
Jerry imagines himself believed the truth.
Jerry imagines himself believing the truth.
The female professor knows that the prince hurts herself.
The female professor knows that the prince hurts himself.
Gary knows that the lady hurts himself.
Gary knows that the lady hurts herself.
The female professor describes herself ended a season.
The female professor describes herself ending a season.
Gary describes himself ended a season.
Gary describes himself ending a season.
The female doctor thinks that the male doctor saves herself.
The female doctor thinks that the male doctor saves himself.
Charles thinks that the female professor saves himself.
Charles thinks that the female professor saves herself.
The female doctor describes herself led the group.
The female doctor describes herself leading the group.
Charles describes himself led the group.
Charles describes himself leading the group.
Elizabeth explains that the male doctor dresses herself.
Elizabeth explains that the male doctor dresses himself.
Dennis explains that the mother dresses himself.
Dennis explains that the mother dresses herself.
The female professor describes herself threw the party.
The female professor describes herself throwing the party.
Dennis describes himself threw the party.
Dennis describes himself throwing the party.
Ann reports that the father thanks herself.
Ann reports that the father thanks himself.
Walter reports that the female president thanks himself.
Walter reports that the female president thanks herself.
Ann describes herself thanked a friend.
Ann describes herself thanking a friend.
Walter describes himself thanked a friend.
Walter describes himself thanking a friend.
Catherine describes herself ate that food.
Catherine describes herself eating that food.
The male professor describes himself ate that food.
The male professor describes himself eating that food.
Ruth says that the male doctor supports herself.
Ruth says that the male doctor supports himself.
The man says that the princess supports himself.
The man says that the princess supports herself.
The daughter understands that the father hurts herself.
The daughter understands that the father hurts himself.
The boy understands that the female professor hurts himself.
The boy understands that the female professor hurts herself.
The female player hears that the brother improves herself.
The female player hears that the brother improves himself.
Robert hears that the female doctor improves himself.
Robert hears that the female doctor improves herself.
The female player sees herself built a house.
The female player sees herself building a house.
Robert sees himself built a house.
Robert sees himself building a house.
The female doctor describes herself watched the film.
The female doctor describes herself watching the film.
Joe describes himself watched the film.
Joe describes himself watching the film.
Kelly knows that the man hurts herself.
Kelly knows that the man hurts himself.
Matt knows that the mother hurts himself.
Matt knows that the mother hurts herself.
The female professor learns that the prince protects herself.
The female professor learns that the prince protects himself.
Dennis learns that the female doctor protects himself.
Dennis learns that the female doctor protects herself.
The female professor imagines herself opened an account.
The female professor imagines herself opening an account.
Dennis imagines himself opened an account.
Dennis imagines himself opening an account.
The wife describes herself learned a language.
The wife describes herself learning a language.
The father describes himself learned a language.
The father describes himself learning a language.
The wife understands that the prince controls herself.
The wife understands that the prince controls himself.
Adam understands that the female president controls himself.
Adam understands that the female president controls herself.
Maria hears that the boy asks herself a question.
Maria hears that the boy asks himself a question.
Thomas hears that the mother asks himself a question.
Thomas hears that the mother asks herself a question.
Maria sees herself asked this question.
Maria sees herself asking this question.
Thomas sees himself asked this question.
Thomas sees himself asking this question.
The mother learns that the male doctor thanks herself.
The mother learns that the male doctor thanks himself.
Adam learns that the female doctor thanks himself.
Adam learns that the female doctor thanks herself.
The mother imagines herself thanked a friend.
The mother imagines herself thanking a friend.
Adam imagines himself thanked a friend.
Adam imagines himself thanking a friend.
The princess sees herself added this information.
The princess sees herself adding this information.
William sees himself added this information.
William sees himself adding this information.
Catherine feels that the boy improves herself.
Catherine feels that the boy improves himself.
Oliver feels that the girl improves himself.
Oliver feels that the girl improves herself.
Catherine imagines herself built that stadium.
Catherine imagines herself building that stadium.
Oliver considers himself built that stadium.
Oliver considers himself building that stadium.
Victoria sees herself caught a fish.
Victoria sees herself catching a fish.
The man sees himself caught a fish.
The man sees himself catching a fish.
The female professor knows that the male player helps herself.
The female professor knows that the male player helps himself.
Paul knows that the lady helps himself.
Paul knows that the lady helps herself.
The daughter considers herself brought this change.
The daughter considers herself bringing this change.
The brother considers himself brought this change.
The brother considers himself bringing this change.
The female doctor sees that the prince saves herself.
The female doctor sees that the prince saves himself.
Dan sees that the lady saves himself.
Dan sees that the lady saves herself.
The female doctor sees herself read a paper.
The female doctor sees herself reading a paper.
Dan sees himself read a paper.
Dan sees himself reading a paper.
Ruth considers herself met some people.
Ruth considers herself meeting some people.
Walter considers himself met some people.
Walter considers himself meeting some people.
The woman knows that the boy supports herself.
The woman knows that the boy supports himself.
William knows that the princess supports himself.
William knows that the princess supports herself.
Jack considers himself drew that picture.
Jack considers himself drawing that picture.
The female doctor feels that the male president dresses herself.
The female doctor feels that the male president dresses himself.
Victor feels that the female professor dresses himself.
Victor feels that the female professor dresses herself.
The female doctor imagines herself fought that enemy.
The female doctor imagines herself fighting that enemy.
Ruth feels that the male professor hits herself.
Ruth feels that the male professor hits himself.
Robert feels that the girl hits himself.
Robert feels that the girl hits herself.
Ruth imagines herself hit the target.
Ruth imagines herself hitting the target.
Robert considers himself hit the target.
Robert considers himself hitting the target.
The princess sees that the brother saves herself.
The princess sees that the brother saves himself.
Carl sees that the wife saves himself.
Carl sees that the wife saves herself.
The princess sees herself led the group.
The princess sees herself leading the group.
Carl sees himself led the group.
Carl sees himself leading the group.
Elizabeth sees herself showed this result.
Elizabeth sees herself showing this result.
The brother sees himself showed this result.
The brother sees himself showing this result.
The girl believes that the male doctor protects herself.
The girl believes that the male doctor protects himself.
Adam believes that the female president protects himself.
Adam believes that the female president protects herself.
The girl believes herself protected the people.
The girl believes herself protecting the people.
Adam believes himself protected the people.
Adam believes himself protecting the people.
Anna imagines herself wrote some letter.
Anna imagines herself writing some letter.
The brother considers himself wrote some letter.
The brother considers himself writing some letter.
Martin reports that the woman supports himself.
Martin reports that the woman supports herself.
The daughter describes herself raised the money.
The daughter describes herself raising the money.
Martin describes himself raised the money.
Martin describes himself raising the money.
Jane understands that the boy believes herself.
Jane understands that the boy believes himself.
Jerry understands that the mother believes himself.
Jerry understands that the mother believes herself.
Anna hears that the king helps herself.
Anna hears that the king helps himself.
The man hears that the wife helps himself.
The man hears that the wife helps herself.
Anna sees herself helped that family.
Anna sees herself helping that family.
The man sees himself helped that family.
The man sees himself helping that family.
The princess believes that the king hurts herself.
The princess believes that the king hurts himself.
Jason believes that the lady hurts himself.
Jason believes that the lady hurts herself.
Anna considers herself caught a ball.
Anna considers herself catching a ball.
Anthony considers himself caught a ball.
Anthony considers himself catching a ball.
The female player explains that the male doctor saves herself.
The female player explains that the male doctor saves himself.
Martin explains that the female player saves himself.
Martin explains that the female player saves herself.
The woman describes herself told that story.
The woman describes herself telling that story.
Adam describes himself told that story.
Adam describes himself telling that story.
The female player hears that the man sees herself in the mirror.
The female player hears that the man sees himself in the mirror.
Martin hears that the lady sees himself in the mirror.
Martin hears that the lady sees herself in the mirror.
The female player sees herself joined a team.
The female player sees herself joining a team.
Martin sees himself joined a team.
Martin sees himself joining a team.
Helen sees herself sold some goods.
Helen sees herself selling some goods.
Matt sees himself sold some goods.
Matt sees himself selling some goods.
Ruth learns that the prince changes herself.
Ruth learns that the prince changes himself.
John learns that the mother changes himself.
John learns that the mother changes herself.
Ruth imagines herself closed this door.
Ruth imagines herself closing this door.
John imagines himself closed this door.
John imagines himself closing this door.
The princess sees herself made the money.
The princess sees herself making the money.
Dan sees himself made the money.
Dan sees himself making the money.
The lady sees that the brother helps herself.
The lady sees that the brother helps himself.
Jack sees that the woman helps himself.
Jack sees that the woman helps herself.
The female professor understands herself reached this goal.
The female professor understands herself reaching this goal.
Kelly hears that the male doctor proves herself.
Kelly hears that the male doctor proves himself.
Carl hears that the woman proves himself.
Carl hears that the woman proves herself.
Kelly sees herself proved the theory.
Kelly sees herself proving the theory.
Carl sees himself proved the theory.
Carl sees himself proving the theory.
The female professor imagines herself painted some wall.
The female professor imagines herself painting some wall.
Dennis imagines himself painted some wall.
Dennis imagines himself painting some wall.
The female player feels that the father attacks herself.
The female player feels that the father attacks himself.
The prince feels that the female professor attacks himself.
The prince feels that the female professor attacks herself.
The female doctor sees herself started a project.
The female doctor sees herself starting a project.