Lawrence reports that Peter's wife thanks himself.
Lawrence reports that Peter's wife thanks herself.
The female president reports that Ruth's brother thanks herself.
The female president reports that Ruth's brother thanks himself.
Lawrence reports that the female professor who thanks Lawrence teaches himself.
Lawrence reports that the female professor who thanks Lawrence teaches herself.
Anthony shows that Charlie's mother helps himself.
Anthony shows that Charlie's mother helps herself.
The lady shows that Helen's husband helps herself.
The lady shows that Helen's husband helps himself.
The king writes that Brian's daughter hides himself.
The king writes that Brian's daughter hides herself.
The daughter writes that Anna's brother hides herself.
The daughter writes that Anna's brother hides himself.
The king reports that William's mother tells himself the news.
The king reports that William's mother tells herself the news.
Sarah reports that Victoria's uncle tells herself the news.
Sarah reports that Victoria's uncle tells himself the news.
Sarah reports that the boy who tells Sarah the story helps herself.
Sarah reports that the boy who tells Sarah the story helps himself.
The king reports that the daughter who tells the king the story helps himself.
The king reports that the daughter who tells the king the story helps herself.
The male president learns that Jeff's wife trusts himself.
The male president learns that Jeff's wife trusts herself.
The female player learns that Mary's uncle trusts herself.
The female player learns that Mary's uncle trusts himself.
The female player learns that the man who trusts the female player hits herself.
The female player learns that the man who trusts the female player hits himself.
The male president learns that the princess who trusts the male president hits himself.
The male president learns that the princess who trusts the male president hits herself.
Louis hears that Alexander's sister admires himself.
Louis hears that Alexander's sister admires herself.
The lady hears that Maria's husband admires herself.
The lady hears that Maria's husband admires himself.
The lady hears that the male president who admires the lady thanks herself.
The lady hears that the male president who admires the lady thanks himself.
Louis hears that the mother who admires Louis thanks himself.
Louis hears that the mother who admires Louis thanks herself.
The princess believes that the male player who joins the princess admires herself.
The princess believes that the male player who joins the princess admires himself.
Ryan believes that the female professor who joins Ryan admires himself.
Ryan believes that the female professor who joins Ryan admires herself.
The brother writes that Thomas's sister supports himself.
The brother writes that Thomas's sister supports herself.
Elizabeth writes that Helen's brother supports herself.
Elizabeth writes that Helen's brother supports himself.
Elizabeth writes that the male player who supports Elizabeth hides herself.
Elizabeth writes that the male player who supports Elizabeth hides himself.
The brother writes that the female president who supports the brother hides himself.
The brother writes that the female president who supports the brother hides herself.
The boy feels that Tony's sister helps himself.
The boy feels that Tony's sister helps herself.
Mary feels that Kelly's son helps herself.
Mary feels that Kelly's son helps himself.
Alexander means that Martin's mother attacks himself.
Alexander means that Martin's mother attacks herself.
The female professor means that Jane's husband attacks herself.
The female professor means that Jane's husband attacks himself.
The female professor means that the brother who attacks the female professor asks herself a question.
The female professor means that the brother who attacks the female professor asks himself a question.
Alexander means that the mother who attacks Alexander asks himself a question.
Alexander means that the mother who attacks Alexander asks herself a question.
Maria explains that the male president who leads Maria thanks herself.
Maria explains that the male president who leads Maria thanks himself.
Anthony explains that the female player who leads Anthony thanks himself.
Anthony explains that the female player who leads Anthony thanks herself.
The brother explains that Martin's daughter admires himself.
The brother explains that Martin's daughter admires herself.
Ann explains that Helen's uncle admires herself.
Ann explains that Helen's uncle admires himself.
Ann explains that the male professor who admires Ann believes herself.
Ann explains that the male professor who admires Ann believes himself.
The brother explains that the daughter who admires the brother believes himself.
The brother explains that the daughter who admires the brother believes herself.
Nick says that Brian's daughter supports himself.
Nick says that Brian's daughter supports herself.
The daughter says that Helen's father supports herself.
The daughter says that Helen's father supports himself.
The daughter says that the man who calls the daughter hides herself.
The daughter says that the man who calls the daughter hides himself.
Nick says that the female president who calls Nick hides himself.
Nick says that the female president who calls Nick hides herself.
The male doctor feels that Dennis's sister asks himself a question.
The male doctor feels that Dennis's sister asks herself a question.
The princess feels that Helen's brother asks herself a question.
The princess feels that Helen's brother asks himself a question.
Fred says that Ben's daughter trains himself.
Fred says that Ben's daughter trains herself.
Ann says that Alice's son trains herself.
Ann says that Alice's son trains himself.
Ann says that the father who trains Ann supports herself.
Ann says that the father who trains Ann supports himself.
Fred says that the female professor who trains Fred supports himself.
Fred says that the female professor who trains Fred supports herself.
Jeff understands that Charles's sister loves himself.
Jeff understands that Charles's sister loves herself.
Kelly understands that Sarah's father loves herself.
Kelly understands that Sarah's father loves himself.
Kelly understands that the male professor who loves Kelly beats herself.
Kelly understands that the male professor who loves Kelly beats himself.
Jeff understands that the female doctor who loves Jeff beats himself.
Jeff understands that the female doctor who loves Jeff beats herself.
Lawrence learns that Bruce's sister tells himself the news.
Lawrence learns that Bruce's sister tells herself the news.
The girl learns that Victoria's husband tells herself the news.
The girl learns that Victoria's husband tells himself the news.
The girl learns that the male professor who tells the girl supports herself.
The girl learns that the male professor who tells the girl supports himself.
Lawrence learns that the woman who tells Lawrence supports himself.
Lawrence learns that the woman who tells Lawrence supports herself.
Thomas writes that Bruce's wife attacks himself.
Thomas writes that Bruce's wife attacks herself.
Anna writes that Helen's son attacks herself.
Anna writes that Helen's son attacks himself.
Anna writes that the man who attacks Anna believes herself.
Anna writes that the man who attacks Anna believes himself.
Thomas writes that the mother who attacks Thomas believes himself.
Thomas writes that the mother who attacks Thomas believes herself.
Alexander sees that Dennis's mother saves himself.
Alexander sees that Dennis's mother saves herself.
The princess sees that Maria's uncle saves herself.
The princess sees that Maria's uncle saves himself.
The princess sees that the boy who serves the princess introduces herself.
The princess sees that the boy who serves the princess introduces himself.
Alexander sees that the female professor who serves Alexander introduces himself.
Alexander sees that the female professor who serves Alexander introduces herself.
Alexander says that Ben's wife hides himself.
Alexander says that Ben's wife hides herself.
The lady says that Elizabeth's father hides herself.
The lady says that Elizabeth's father hides himself.
The lady says that the male president who invites the lady attacks herself.
The lady says that the male president who invites the lady attacks himself.
Alexander says that the princess who invites Alexander attacks himself.
Alexander says that the princess who invites Alexander attacks herself.
Anthony feels that Bill's wife sees himself in the mirror.
Anthony feels that Bill's wife sees herself in the mirror.
Elizabeth feels that Jane's husband sees herself in the mirror.
Elizabeth feels that Jane's husband sees himself in the mirror.
Elizabeth feels that the father who sees Elizabeth protects herself.
Elizabeth feels that the father who sees Elizabeth protects himself.
Anthony feels that the female professor who sees Anthony protects himself.
Anthony feels that the female professor who sees Anthony protects herself.
Ben thinks that William's daughter watches himself.
Ben thinks that William's daughter watches herself.
Elizabeth thinks that Elizabeth's brother watches herself.
Elizabeth thinks that Elizabeth's brother watches himself.
Elizabeth thinks that the king who watches Elizabeth introduces herself.
Elizabeth thinks that the king who watches Elizabeth introduces himself.
Ben thinks that the female professor who watches Ben introduces himself.
Ben thinks that the female professor who watches Ben introduces herself.
Ben learns that James's mother trusts himself.
Ben learns that James's mother trusts herself.
Elizabeth learns that Ruth's husband trusts herself.
Elizabeth learns that Ruth's husband trusts himself.
Sarah reports that the king who meets Sarah hides herself.
Sarah reports that the king who meets Sarah hides himself.
Louis reports that the female doctor who meets Louis hides himself.
Louis reports that the female doctor who meets Louis hides herself.
Thomas means that Charles's mother blames himself.
Thomas means that Charles's mother blames herself.
Kelly means that Ann's husband blames herself.
Kelly means that Ann's husband blames himself.
Kelly means that the king who hits Kelly blames herself.
Kelly means that the king who hits Kelly blames himself.
Thomas means that the daughter who hits Thomas blames himself.
Thomas means that the daughter who hits Thomas blames herself.
Lawrence writes that Nick's daughter beats himself.
Lawrence writes that Nick's daughter beats herself.
The wife writes that Sarah's uncle beats herself.
The wife writes that Sarah's uncle beats himself.
The wife writes that the brother who admires the wife supports herself.
The wife writes that the brother who admires the wife supports himself.
Lawrence writes that the daughter who beats Lawrence supports himself.
Lawrence writes that the daughter who beats Lawrence supports herself.
Fred says that Roger's daughter thanks himself.
Fred says that Roger's daughter thanks herself.
The lady says that Jane's son thanks herself.
The lady says that Jane's son thanks himself.
John sees that Oliver's sister trains himself.
John sees that Oliver's sister trains herself.
The mother sees that Anna's father trains herself.
The mother sees that Anna's father trains himself.
The mother sees that the prince who trains the mother asks herself a question.
The mother sees that the prince who trains the mother asks himself a question.
John sees that the female player who trains John asks himself a question.
John sees that the female player who trains John asks herself a question.
Martin understands that Steve's mother admires himself.
Martin understands that Steve's mother admires herself.
The girl understands that Sarah's brother admires herself.
The girl understands that Sarah's brother admires himself.
The girl understands that the male player who admires the girl attacks herself.
The girl understands that the male player who admires the girl attacks himself.
Martin understands that the wife who admires Martin attacks himself.
Martin understands that the wife who admires Martin attacks herself.
John explains that Larry's mother sees himself in the mirror.
John explains that Larry's mother sees herself in the mirror.
The female doctor explains that Anna's husband sees herself in the mirror.
The female doctor explains that Anna's husband sees himself in the mirror.
The female doctor explains that the prince who sees the female doctor finds herself.
The female doctor explains that the prince who sees the female doctor finds himself.
John explains that the mother who sees John finds himself.
John explains that the mother who sees John finds herself.
James feels that Charlie's wife hurts himself.
James feels that Charlie's wife hurts herself.
The female doctor feels that Catherine's son hurts herself.
The female doctor feels that Catherine's son hurts himself.
The female doctor feels that the man who hurts the female doctor supports herself.
The female doctor feels that the man who hurts the female doctor supports himself.
James feels that the daughter who hurts James supports himself.
James feels that the daughter who hurts James supports herself.
Joe knows that Mike's mother tells himself the news.
Joe knows that Mike's mother tells herself the news.
Sarah knows that Helen's son tells herself the news.
Sarah knows that Helen's son tells himself the news.
Sarah knows that the male professor who tells Sarah the story meets herself.
Sarah knows that the male professor who tells Sarah the story meets himself.
Joe knows that the female professor who tells Joe meets himself.
Joe knows that the female professor who tells Joe meets herself.
James writes that Nick's sister sees himself in the mirror.
James writes that Nick's sister sees herself in the mirror.
Maria writes that Mary's husband sees herself in the mirror.
Maria writes that Mary's husband sees himself in the mirror.
Maria writes that the male professor who sees Maria believes herself.
Maria writes that the male professor who sees Maria believes himself.
James writes that the female player who sees James believes himself.
James writes that the female player who sees James believes herself.
Bill thinks that Mike's wife admires himself.
Bill thinks that Mike's wife admires herself.
Maria thinks that Ruth's son admires herself.
Maria thinks that Ruth's son admires himself.
Maria thinks that the male professor who admires Maria follows herself.
Maria thinks that the male professor who admires Maria follows himself.
Bill thinks that the female professor who admires Bill follows himself.
Bill thinks that the female professor who admires Bill follows herself.
Ryan reports that Nick's mother supports himself.
Ryan reports that Nick's mother supports herself.
Alice reports that Elizabeth's brother supports herself.
Alice reports that Elizabeth's brother supports himself.
Alice reports that the brother who calls Alice attacks herself.
Alice reports that the brother who calls Alice attacks himself.
Ryan reports that the wife who calls Ryan attacks himself.
Ryan reports that the wife who calls Ryan attacks herself.
Tim shows that Anthony's wife watches himself.
Tim shows that Anthony's wife watches herself.
Helen shows that Ann's father watches herself.
Helen shows that Ann's father watches himself.
Helen shows that the father who watches Helen hides herself.
Helen shows that the father who watches Helen hides himself.
Tim shows that the princess who watches Tim hides himself.
Tim shows that the princess who watches Tim hides herself.
Tim knows that Ben's daughter hits himself.
Tim knows that Ben's daughter hits herself.
Maria knows that Mary's father hits herself.
Maria knows that Mary's father hits himself.
Maria knows that the male professor who hits Maria tells herself the news.
Maria knows that the male professor who hits Maria tells himself the news.
Tim knows that the female professor who hits Tim tells himself the news.
Tim knows that the female professor who hits Tim tells herself the news.
Larry learns that Tim's mother meets himself.
Larry learns that Tim's mother meets herself.
The female doctor learns that Kelly's son meets herself.
The female doctor learns that Kelly's son meets himself.
The female doctor learns that the male professor who meets the female doctor understands herself.
The female doctor learns that the male professor who meets the female doctor understands himself.
Larry learns that the lady who meets Larry understands himself.
Larry learns that the lady who meets Larry understands herself.
Ben means that Charlie's sister loves himself.
Ben means that Charlie's sister loves herself.
The female president means that Alice's brother loves herself.
The female president means that Alice's brother loves himself.
Ben means that the wife who loves Ben admires himself.
Ben means that the wife who loves Ben admires herself.
Alexander hears that Mike's wife understands himself.
Alexander hears that Mike's wife understands herself.
The wife hears that Mary's brother understands herself.
The wife hears that Mary's brother understands himself.
The male professor believes that Nick's wife loves himself.
The male professor believes that Nick's wife loves herself.
Sarah believes that Jane's husband loves herself.
Sarah believes that Jane's husband loves himself.
Sarah believes that the father who loves Sarah supports herself.
Sarah believes that the father who loves Sarah supports himself.
The male professor believes that the wife who loves the male professor supports himself.
The male professor believes that the wife who loves the male professor supports herself.
Brian hears that Tony's mother hurts himself.
Brian hears that Tony's mother hurts herself.
Helen hears that Mary's uncle hurts herself.
Helen hears that Mary's uncle hurts himself.
Brian hears that the female player who hurts Brian tells himself the news.
Brian hears that the female player who hurts Brian tells herself the news.
Tony understands that Oliver's daughter asks himself a question.
Tony understands that Oliver's daughter asks herself a question.
The daughter understands that Anna's son asks herself a question.
The daughter understands that Anna's son asks himself a question.
The daughter understands that the king who asks the daughter saves herself.
The daughter understands that the king who asks the daughter saves himself.
Tony understands that the female player who asks Tony saves himself.
Tony understands that the female player who asks Tony saves herself.
Fred learns that James's wife meets himself.
Fred learns that James's wife meets herself.
The female president learns that Alice's brother meets herself.
The female president learns that Alice's brother meets himself.
The female president learns that the male player who meets the female president follows herself.
The female president learns that the male player who meets the female president follows himself.
Fred learns that the woman who meets Fred follows himself.
Fred learns that the woman who meets Fred follows herself.
Bill reports that William's wife admires himself.
Bill reports that William's wife admires herself.
Ann reports that Sarah's uncle admires herself.
Ann reports that Sarah's uncle admires himself.
Ann reports that the male president who admires Ann trusts herself.
Ann reports that the male president who admires Ann trusts himself.
Bill reports that the female doctor who admires Bill trusts himself.
Bill reports that the female doctor who admires Bill trusts herself.
Peter feels that Oliver's sister admires himself.
Peter feels that Oliver's sister admires herself.
Maria feels that Anna's husband admires herself.
Maria feels that Anna's husband admires himself.
Maria feels that the brother who admires Maria admires herself.
Maria feels that the brother who admires Maria admires himself.
Peter feels that the lady who admires Peter admires himself.
Peter feels that the lady who admires Peter admires herself.
Oliver explains that Martin's wife introduces himself.
Oliver explains that Martin's wife introduces herself.
The female professor explains that Jane's son introduces herself.
The female professor explains that Jane's son introduces himself.
The female professor explains that the king who visits the female professor supports herself.
The female professor explains that the king who visits the female professor supports himself.
Oliver explains that the female player who visits Oliver supports himself.
Oliver explains that the female player who visits Oliver supports herself.
The man hears that Thomas's daughter hides himself.
The man hears that Thomas's daughter hides herself.
Catherine hears that Maria's father hides herself.
Catherine hears that Maria's father hides himself.
Catherine hears that the boy who invites Catherine meets herself.
Catherine hears that the boy who invites Catherine meets himself.
The man hears that the woman who invites the man meets himself.
The man hears that the woman who invites the man meets herself.
Oliver understands that Tim's mother hits himself.
Oliver understands that Tim's mother hits herself.
The mother understands that Maria's father hits herself.
The mother understands that Maria's father hits himself.
The mother understands that the brother who hits the mother supports herself.
The mother understands that the brother who hits the mother supports himself.
Oliver understands that the female player who hits Oliver supports himself.
Oliver understands that the female player who hits Oliver supports herself.
Peter writes that Martin's mother protects himself.
Peter writes that Martin's mother protects herself.
Ruth writes that Helen's father protects herself.
Ruth writes that Helen's father protects himself.
Ruth writes that the man who joins Ruth saves herself.
Ruth writes that the man who joins Ruth saves himself.
Peter writes that the female doctor who joins Peter saves himself.
Peter writes that the female doctor who joins Peter saves herself.
The male doctor reports that Harry's wife follows himself.
The male doctor reports that Harry's wife follows herself.
The mother reports that Victoria's husband follows herself.
The mother reports that Victoria's husband follows himself.
The mother reports that the boy who follows the mother supports herself.
The mother reports that the boy who follows the mother supports himself.
Joe shows that Alexander's mother asks himself a question.
Joe shows that Alexander's mother asks herself a question.
The mother shows that Sarah's husband asks herself a question.
The mother shows that Sarah's husband asks himself a question.
Joe shows that the mother who asks Joe meets himself.
Joe shows that the mother who asks Joe meets herself.
Charles explains that Ryan's daughter watches himself.
Charles explains that Ryan's daughter watches herself.
Elizabeth explains that Catherine's son watches herself.
Elizabeth explains that Catherine's son watches himself.
Elizabeth explains that the boy who watches Elizabeth supports herself.
Elizabeth explains that the boy who watches Elizabeth supports himself.
Charles explains that the wife who watches Charles supports himself.
Charles explains that the wife who watches Charles supports herself.
The male player explains that Oliver's sister teaches himself.
The male player explains that Oliver's sister teaches herself.
The princess explains that Elizabeth's son teaches herself.
The princess explains that Elizabeth's son teaches himself.
The princess explains that the male doctor who teaches the princess protects herself.
The princess explains that the male doctor who teaches the princess protects himself.
The male player explains that the mother who teaches the male player protects himself.
The male player explains that the mother who teaches the male player protects herself.
Thomas feels that Harry's wife meets himself.
Thomas feels that Harry's wife meets herself.
Mary feels that Ruth's father meets herself.
Mary feels that Ruth's father meets himself.
Mary feels that the male player who meets Mary protects herself.
Mary feels that the male player who meets Mary protects himself.
Thomas feels that the wife who meets Thomas protects himself.
Thomas feels that the wife who meets Thomas protects herself.
Steve explains that Tim's wife introduces himself.
Steve explains that Tim's wife introduces herself.
The lady explains that Sarah's brother introduces herself.
The lady explains that Sarah's brother introduces himself.
The lady explains that the male doctor who visits the lady attacks herself.
The lady explains that the male doctor who visits the lady attacks himself.
Steve explains that the princess who visits Steve attacks himself.
Steve explains that the princess who visits Steve attacks herself.
Jeff shows that William's wife saves himself.
Jeff shows that William's wife saves herself.
The girl shows that Victoria's husband saves herself.
The girl shows that Victoria's husband saves himself.
The girl shows that the brother who saves the girl defends herself.
The girl shows that the brother who saves the girl defends himself.
Jeff shows that the female player who saves Jeff defends himself.
Jeff shows that the female player who saves Jeff defends herself.
Fred knows that Charles's wife follows himself.
Fred knows that Charles's wife follows herself.
The daughter knows that Ruth's brother follows herself.
The daughter knows that Ruth's brother follows himself.
Fred knows that the daughter who follows Fred understands himself.
Fred knows that the daughter who follows Fred understands herself.
The male doctor shows that Oliver's daughter hides himself.
The male doctor shows that Oliver's daughter hides herself.
Elizabeth shows that Helen's brother hides herself.
Elizabeth shows that Helen's brother hides himself.
Elizabeth shows that the prince who invites Elizabeth defends herself.
Elizabeth shows that the prince who invites Elizabeth defends himself.
The male doctor shows that the lady who invites the male doctor defends himself.
The male doctor shows that the lady who invites the male doctor defends herself.
The prince explains that William's sister attacks himself.
The prince explains that William's sister attacks herself.
The lady explains that Ann's father attacks herself.
The lady explains that Ann's father attacks himself.
The lady explains that the prince who attacks the lady sees herself in the mirror.
The lady explains that the prince who attacks the lady sees himself in the mirror.
The prince explains that the girl who attacks the prince sees himself in the mirror.
The prince explains that the girl who attacks the prince sees herself in the mirror.
The brother learns that Larry's wife saves himself.
The brother learns that Larry's wife saves herself.
The wife learns that Anna's father saves herself.
The wife learns that Anna's father saves himself.
The wife learns that the prince who saves the wife meets herself.
The wife learns that the prince who saves the wife meets himself.
The brother learns that the wife who saves the brother meets himself.
The brother learns that the wife who saves the brother meets herself.
The brother learns that Dennis's wife protects himself.
The brother learns that Dennis's wife protects herself.
The daughter learns that Ruth's father protects herself.
The daughter learns that Ruth's father protects himself.
The daughter learns that the king who joins the daughter helps herself.
The daughter learns that the king who joins the daughter helps himself.
The brother learns that the princess who joins the brother helps himself.
The brother learns that the princess who joins the brother helps herself.
Louis sees that Roger's daughter attacks himself.
Louis sees that Roger's daughter attacks herself.
The wife sees that Jane's brother attacks herself.
The wife sees that Jane's brother attacks himself.
Louis sees that the girl who attacks Louis hurts himself.
Louis sees that the girl who attacks Louis hurts herself.
Roger sees that Jeff's daughter teaches himself.
Roger sees that Jeff's daughter teaches herself.
Mary sees that Maria's brother teaches herself.
Mary sees that Maria's brother teaches himself.
Mary sees that the father who teaches Mary attacks herself.
Mary sees that the father who teaches Mary attacks himself.
Roger sees that the female professor who teaches Roger attacks himself.
Roger sees that the female professor who teaches Roger attacks herself.
Tony learns that Anthony's wife admires himself.
Tony learns that Anthony's wife admires herself.
The woman learns that Anna's uncle admires herself.
The woman learns that Anna's uncle admires himself.
Tony learns that the female player who admires Tony trains himself.
Tony learns that the female player who admires Tony trains herself.
Fred knows that Steve's daughter hurts himself.
Fred knows that Steve's daughter hurts herself.
Sarah knows that Mary's father hurts herself.
Sarah knows that Mary's father hurts himself.
Sarah knows that the boy who hurts Sarah believes herself.
Sarah knows that the boy who hurts Sarah believes himself.
Fred knows that the female president who hurts Fred believes himself.
Fred knows that the female president who hurts Fred believes herself.
Dennis understands that Oliver's sister admires himself.
Dennis understands that Oliver's sister admires herself.
Ruth understands that Ruth's brother admires herself.
Ruth understands that Ruth's brother admires himself.
Ruth understands that the male doctor who admires Ruth trusts herself.
Ruth understands that the male doctor who admires Ruth trusts himself.
Dennis understands that the princess who admires Dennis trusts himself.
Dennis understands that the princess who admires Dennis trusts herself.
The man writes that Bruce's mother beats himself.
The man writes that Bruce's mother beats herself.
The princess writes that Catherine's father beats herself.
The princess writes that Catherine's father beats himself.
The princess writes that the male professor who beats the princess asks herself a question.
The princess writes that the male professor who beats the princess asks himself a question.
The man writes that the wife who beats the man asks himself a question.
The man writes that the wife who beats the man asks herself a question.
The male player sees that Fred's sister follows himself.
The male player sees that Fred's sister follows herself.
The daughter sees that Victoria's brother follows herself.
The daughter sees that Victoria's brother follows himself.
The daughter sees that the prince who follows the daughter sees herself in the mirror.
The daughter sees that the prince who follows the daughter sees himself in the mirror.
Tony says that Jeff's daughter admires himself.
Tony says that Jeff's daughter admires herself.
The mother says that Ruth's husband admires herself.
The mother says that Ruth's husband admires himself.
Tony says that the female doctor who admires Tony beats himself.
Tony says that the female doctor who admires Tony beats herself.
James writes that Louis's daughter defends himself.
James writes that Louis's daughter defends herself.
The girl writes that Mary's husband defends herself.
The girl writes that Mary's husband defends himself.
The girl writes that the male president who leads the girl understands herself.
The girl writes that the male president who leads the girl understands himself.
James writes that the wife who leads James understands himself.
James writes that the wife who leads James understands herself.
Anthony reports that Tony's sister trains himself.
Anthony reports that Tony's sister trains herself.
Mary reports that Ann's father trains herself.
Mary reports that Ann's father trains himself.
Mary reports that the male player who trains Mary hides herself.
Mary reports that the male player who trains Mary hides himself.
Anthony reports that the daughter who trains Anthony hides himself.
Anthony reports that the daughter who trains Anthony hides herself.
Ryan reports that Nick's sister protects himself.
Ryan reports that Nick's sister protects herself.
The female player reports that Catherine's uncle protects herself.
The female player reports that Catherine's uncle protects himself.
The female player reports that the father who joins the female player follows herself.
The female player reports that the father who joins the female player follows himself.
Ryan reports that the princess who joins Ryan follows himself.
Ryan reports that the princess who joins Ryan follows herself.
Tony knows that Tim's mother helps himself.
Tony knows that Tim's mother helps herself.
Elizabeth knows that Elizabeth's brother helps herself.
Elizabeth knows that Elizabeth's brother helps himself.
Elizabeth knows that the king who helps Elizabeth believes herself.
Elizabeth knows that the king who helps Elizabeth believes himself.
Tony knows that the female doctor who helps Tony believes himself.
Tony knows that the female doctor who helps Tony believes herself.
Joe writes that Harry's mother hurts himself.
Joe writes that Harry's mother hurts herself.
The female president writes that Kelly's husband hurts herself.
The female president writes that Kelly's husband hurts himself.
Joe writes that the female doctor who hurts Joe sees himself in the mirror.
Joe writes that the female doctor who hurts Joe sees herself in the mirror.
The man explains that Joe's mother hides himself.
The man explains that Joe's mother hides herself.
The daughter explains that Sarah's brother hides herself.
The daughter explains that Sarah's brother hides himself.
The man explains that the daughter who invites the man helps himself.
The man explains that the daughter who invites the man helps herself.
Bill understands that Fred's daughter beats himself.
Bill understands that Fred's daughter beats herself.
The girl understands that Catherine's uncle beats herself.
The girl understands that Catherine's uncle beats himself.
The girl understands that the male professor who beats the girl saves herself.
The girl understands that the male professor who beats the girl saves himself.
Bill understands that the woman who beats Bill saves himself.
Bill understands that the woman who beats Bill saves herself.
The man reports that Fred's sister finds himself.
The man reports that Fred's sister finds herself.
The woman reports that Catherine's father finds herself.
The woman reports that Catherine's father finds himself.
The woman reports that the prince who finds the woman supports herself.
The woman reports that the prince who finds the woman supports himself.
The man reports that the princess who finds the man supports himself.
The man reports that the princess who finds the man supports herself.
Brian believes that Larry's mother defends himself.
Brian believes that Larry's mother defends herself.
Victoria believes that Alice's brother defends herself.
Victoria believes that Alice's brother defends himself.
Victoria believes that the boy who leads Victoria follows herself.
Victoria believes that the boy who leads Victoria follows himself.
Brian believes that the lady who leads Brian follows himself.
Brian believes that the lady who leads Brian follows herself.
Harry knows that Dennis's wife helps himself.
Harry knows that Dennis's wife helps herself.
Maria knows that Alice's uncle helps herself.
Maria knows that Alice's uncle helps himself.
Maria knows that the boy who calls Maria saves herself.
Maria knows that the boy who calls Maria saves himself.
Harry knows that the girl who calls Harry saves himself.
Harry knows that the girl who calls Harry saves herself.
Peter explains that Alexander's daughter follows himself.
Peter explains that Alexander's daughter follows herself.
The princess hears that Ruth's brother teaches herself.
The princess hears that Ruth's brother teaches himself.
The princess hears that the father who teaches the princess asks herself a question.
The princess hears that the father who teaches the princess asks himself a question.
Tony hears that the lady who teaches Tony asks himself a question.
Tony hears that the lady who teaches Tony asks herself a question.
Harry reports that Thomas's sister admires himself.
Harry reports that Thomas's sister admires herself.
Catherine reports that Elizabeth's husband admires herself.
Catherine reports that Elizabeth's husband admires himself.
Catherine reports that the male player who admires Catherine supports herself.
Catherine reports that the male player who admires Catherine supports himself.
Harry reports that the female professor who admires Harry supports himself.
Harry reports that the female professor who admires Harry supports herself.
Thomas explains that Jeff's wife admires himself.
Thomas explains that Jeff's wife admires herself.
The woman explains that Catherine's father admires herself.
The woman explains that Catherine's father admires himself.
Thomas explains that the princess who admires Thomas watches himself.
Thomas explains that the princess who admires Thomas watches herself.
Fred reports that Charlie's wife supports himself.
Fred reports that Charlie's wife supports herself.
Maria reports that Anna's brother supports herself.
Maria reports that Anna's brother supports himself.
Maria reports that the male doctor who supports Maria sees herself in the mirror.
Maria reports that the male doctor who supports Maria sees himself in the mirror.
Fred reports that the lady who supports Fred sees himself in the mirror.
Fred reports that the lady who supports Fred sees herself in the mirror.
The male professor thinks that Harry's wife trains himself.
The male professor thinks that Harry's wife trains herself.
The lady thinks that Ruth's brother trains herself.
The lady thinks that Ruth's brother trains himself.
The lady thinks that the prince who trains the lady admires herself.
The lady thinks that the prince who trains the lady admires himself.
The male professor thinks that the female player who trains the male professor admires himself.
The male professor thinks that the female player who trains the male professor admires herself.
John reports that Martin's mother saves himself.
John reports that Martin's mother saves herself.
Kelly reports that Victoria's brother saves herself.
Kelly reports that Victoria's brother saves himself.
Kelly reports that the male player who serves Kelly asks herself a question.
Kelly reports that the male player who serves Kelly asks himself a question.
John reports that the female professor who serves John asks himself a question.
John reports that the female professor who serves John asks herself a question.
John hears that Oliver's daughter understands himself.
John hears that Oliver's daughter understands herself.
The woman hears that Elizabeth's uncle understands herself.
The woman hears that Elizabeth's uncle understands himself.
John hears that the female doctor who understands John admires himself.
John hears that the female doctor who understands John admires herself.
Ryan says that Tim's sister believes himself.
Ryan says that Tim's sister believes herself.
Alice says that Anna's father believes herself.
Alice says that Anna's father believes himself.
Alice says that the king who believes Alice admires herself.
Alice says that the king who believes Alice admires himself.
Ryan says that the female doctor who believes Ryan admires himself.
Ryan says that the female doctor who believes Ryan admires herself.
Roger hears that James's wife hides himself.
Roger hears that James's wife hides herself.
The girl hears that Mary's uncle hides herself.
The girl hears that Mary's uncle hides himself.
The girl hears that the boy who invites the girl teaches herself.
The girl hears that the boy who invites the girl teaches himself.
Roger hears that the female player who invites Roger teaches himself.
Roger hears that the female player who invites Roger teaches herself.
The prince knows that Brian's daughter hides himself.
The prince knows that Brian's daughter hides herself.
The lady knows that Ruth's husband hides herself.
The lady knows that Ruth's husband hides himself.
The prince knows that the wife who invites the prince admires himself.
The prince knows that the wife who invites the prince admires herself.
The male player explains that John's sister beats himself.
The male player explains that John's sister beats herself.
The lady explains that Maria's husband beats herself.
The lady explains that Maria's husband beats himself.
The lady explains that the male player who beats the lady watches herself.
The lady explains that the male player who beats the lady watches himself.
The male player explains that the female doctor who beats the male player watches himself.
The male player explains that the female doctor who beats the male player watches herself.
James explains that Mike's mother hurts himself.
James explains that Mike's mother hurts herself.
Mary explains that Mary's son hurts herself.
Mary explains that Mary's son hurts himself.
Mary explains that the prince who hurts Mary understands herself.
Mary explains that the prince who hurts Mary understands himself.
James explains that the girl who hurts James understands himself.
James explains that the girl who hurts James understands herself.
Thomas thinks that Tony's wife saves himself.
Thomas thinks that Tony's wife saves herself.
Alice thinks that Sarah's son saves herself.
Alice thinks that Sarah's son saves himself.
Alice thinks that the brother who serves Alice helps herself.
Alice thinks that the brother who serves Alice helps himself.
Thomas thinks that the mother who serves Thomas helps himself.
Thomas thinks that the mother who serves Thomas helps herself.
Ben reports that Mike's daughter hits himself.
Ben reports that Mike's daughter hits herself.
Victoria reports that Elizabeth's son hits herself.
Victoria reports that Elizabeth's son hits himself.
Victoria reports that the prince who hits Victoria asks herself a question.
Victoria reports that the prince who hits Victoria asks himself a question.
Ben reports that the woman who hits Ben asks himself a question.
Ben reports that the woman who hits Ben asks herself a question.
The king learns that James's daughter saves himself.
The king learns that James's daughter saves herself.
Alice learns that Alice's uncle saves herself.
Alice learns that Alice's uncle saves himself.
The king learns that the female president who saves the king admires himself.
The king learns that the female president who saves the king admires herself.
Roger shows that Louis's wife sees himself in the mirror.
Roger shows that Louis's wife sees herself in the mirror.
Sarah shows that Anna's uncle sees herself in the mirror.
Sarah shows that Anna's uncle sees himself in the mirror.
Sarah shows that the prince who sees Sarah introduces herself.
Sarah shows that the prince who sees Sarah introduces himself.
Roger shows that the wife who sees Roger introduces himself.
Roger shows that the wife who sees Roger introduces herself.
Brian explains that Roger's daughter saves himself.
Brian explains that Roger's daughter saves herself.
Maria explains that Elizabeth's father saves herself.
Maria explains that Elizabeth's father saves himself.
Maria explains that the king who serves Maria asks herself a question.
Maria explains that the king who serves Maria asks himself a question.
Brian explains that the female professor who serves Brian asks himself a question.
Brian explains that the female professor who serves Brian asks herself a question.
Bill writes that Tim's mother watches himself.
Bill writes that Tim's mother watches herself.
Mary writes that Catherine's uncle watches herself.
Mary writes that Catherine's uncle watches himself.
Mary writes that the prince who watches Mary introduces herself.
Mary writes that the prince who watches Mary introduces himself.
Bill writes that the princess who watches Bill introduces himself.
Bill writes that the princess who watches Bill introduces herself.
James learns that Harry's daughter tells himself the news.
James learns that Harry's daughter tells herself the news.
Ann learns that Victoria's husband tells herself the news.
Ann learns that Victoria's husband tells himself the news.
Ann learns that the king who tells Ann follows herself.
Ann learns that the king who tells Ann follows himself.
James learns that the girl who tells James follows himself.
James learns that the girl who tells James follows herself.
Ben knows that Alexander's daughter watches himself.
Ben knows that Alexander's daughter watches herself.
Ruth knows that Catherine's brother watches herself.
Ruth knows that Catherine's brother watches himself.
Ruth knows that the male president who watches Ruth saves herself.
Ruth knows that the male president who watches Ruth saves himself.
Ben knows that the daughter who watches Ben saves himself.
Ben knows that the daughter who watches Ben saves herself.
The man knows that Dennis's mother tells himself the news.
The man knows that Dennis's mother tells herself the news.
Kelly knows that Ruth's son tells herself the news.
Kelly knows that Ruth's son tells himself the news.
Kelly knows that the brother who tells Kelly watches herself.
Kelly knows that the brother who tells Kelly watches himself.
The man knows that the girl who tells the man watches himself.
The man knows that the girl who tells the man watches herself.
Jeff understands that Nick's wife trains himself.
Jeff understands that Nick's wife trains herself.
The girl understands that Anna's son trains herself.
The girl understands that Anna's son trains himself.
The girl understands that the male president who trains the girl follows herself.
The girl understands that the male president who trains the girl follows himself.
Jeff understands that the lady who trains Jeff follows himself.
Jeff understands that the lady who trains Jeff follows herself.
Lawrence thinks that Alexander's wife supports himself.
Lawrence thinks that Alexander's wife supports herself.
Alice thinks that Ruth's father supports herself.
Alice thinks that Ruth's father supports himself.
Alice thinks that the father who supports Alice helps herself.
Alice thinks that the father who supports Alice helps himself.
Lawrence thinks that the female president who supports Lawrence helps himself.
Lawrence thinks that the female president who supports Lawrence helps herself.
The father understands that Anthony's mother watches himself.
The father understands that Anthony's mother watches herself.
Mary understands that Mary's brother watches herself.
Mary understands that Mary's brother watches himself.
Mary understands that the boy who watches Jane introduces herself.
Mary understands that the boy who watches Jane introduces himself.
The father understands that the lady who watches the father introduces himself.
The father understands that the lady who watches the father introduces herself.
Martin learns that Martin's sister believes himself.
Martin learns that Martin's sister believes herself.
The female player learns that Victoria's son believes herself.
The female player learns that Victoria's son believes himself.
The female player learns that the prince who believes the female player defends herself.
The female player learns that the prince who believes the female player defends himself.
Martin learns that the princess who believes Martin defends himself.
Martin learns that the princess who believes Martin defends herself.
James explains that Martin's sister believes himself.
James explains that Martin's sister believes herself.
The lady explains that Elizabeth's son believes herself.
The lady explains that Elizabeth's son believes himself.
The lady explains that the male doctor who believes the lady thanks herself.
The lady explains that the male doctor who believes the lady thanks himself.
James explains that the wife who believes James thanks himself.
James explains that the wife who believes James thanks herself.
Bill thinks that Alexander's wife admires himself.
Bill thinks that Alexander's wife admires herself.
The wife thinks that Alice's brother admires herself.
The wife thinks that Alice's brother admires himself.
The wife thinks that the boy who admires wife hurts herself.
The wife thinks that the boy who admires wife hurts himself.
Bill thinks that the wife who admires Bill hurts himself.
Bill thinks that the wife who admires Bill hurts herself.
Charlie understands that Martin's mother admires himself.
Charlie understands that Martin's mother admires herself.
Maria understands that Helen's father admires herself.
Maria understands that Helen's father admires himself.
Maria understands that the prince who admires Maria trusts herself.
Maria understands that the prince who admires Maria trusts himself.
Charlie understands that the lady who admires Charlie trusts himself.
Charlie understands that the lady who admires Charlie trusts herself.
Tim believes that Oliver's wife watches himself.
Tim believes that Oliver's wife watches herself.
The lady believes that Helen's son watches herself.
The lady believes that Helen's son watches himself.
The lady believes that the male president who watches the lady hides herself.
The lady believes that the male president who watches the lady hides himself.
Tim believes that the female player who watches Tim hides himself.
Tim believes that the female player who watches Tim hides herself.
The boy learns that Ben's wife sees himself in the mirror.
The boy learns that Ben's wife sees herself in the mirror.
The female president learns that Kelly's uncle sees herself in the mirror.
The female president learns that Kelly's uncle sees himself in the mirror.
The boy learns that the female president who sees the boy tells himself the news.
The boy learns that the female president who sees the boy tells herself the news.
Louis reports that Ryan's sister trusts himself.
Louis reports that Ryan's sister trusts herself.
The female player reports that Kelly's uncle trusts herself.
The female player reports that Kelly's uncle trusts himself.
The female player reports that the father who trusts the female player asks herself a question.
The female player reports that the father who trusts the female player asks himself a question.
Louis reports that the female doctor who trusts Louis asks himself a question.
Louis reports that the female doctor who trusts Louis asks herself a question.
Bruce thinks that Bill's wife hits himself.
Bruce thinks that Bill's wife hits herself.
The female president thinks that Alice's husband hits herself.
The female president thinks that Alice's husband hits himself.
The female president thinks that the prince who hits the female president teaches herself.
The female president thinks that the prince who hits the female president teaches himself.
Bruce thinks that the female doctor who hits Bruce teaches himself.
Bruce thinks that the female doctor who hits Bruce teaches herself.
The father reports that William's daughter thanks himself.
The father reports that William's daughter thanks herself.
Elizabeth reports that Catherine's husband thanks herself.
Elizabeth reports that Catherine's husband thanks himself.
Elizabeth reports that the male professor who thanks Elizabeth tells herself the news.
Elizabeth reports that the male professor who thanks Elizabeth tells himself the news.
The father reports that the princess who thanks the father tells himself the news.
The father reports that the princess who thanks the father tells herself the news.
Larry hears that Charles's mother saves himself.
Larry hears that Charles's mother saves herself.
Ann hears that Ruth's father saves herself.
Ann hears that Ruth's father saves himself.
Larry hears that the girl who serves Larry loves himself.
Larry hears that the girl who serves Larry loves herself.
The male professor sees that Louis's wife hurts himself.
The male professor sees that Louis's wife hurts herself.
The female professor sees that Sarah's husband hurts herself.
The female professor sees that Sarah's husband hurts himself.
The female professor sees that the male professor who hurts the female professor trusts herself.
The female professor sees that the male professor who hurts the female professor trusts himself.
The male professor sees that the female professor who hurts the male professor trusts himself.
The male professor sees that the female professor who hurts the male professor trusts herself.
Charles reports that Mike's sister saves himself.
Charles reports that Mike's sister saves herself.
The female player reports that Sarah's father saves herself.
The female player reports that Sarah's father saves himself.
The female player reports that the male professor who serves the female player believes herself.
The female player reports that the male professor who serves the female player believes himself.
Charles reports that the princess who serves Charles believes himself.
Charles reports that the princess who serves Charles believes herself.
William understands that Bill's wife admires himself.
William understands that Bill's wife admires herself.
Jane understands that Jane's son admires herself.
Jane understands that Jane's son admires himself.
Jane understands that the boy who admires Jane helps herself.
Jane understands that the boy who admires Jane helps himself.
William understands that the woman who admires William helps himself.
William understands that the woman who admires William helps herself.
The male professor learns that William's wife loves himself.
The male professor learns that William's wife loves herself.
Mary learns that Helen's uncle loves herself.
Mary learns that Helen's uncle loves himself.
The male professor learns that the wife who loves the male professor supports himself.
The male professor learns that the wife who loves the male professor supports herself.
Charles hears that Ryan's daughter believes himself.
Charles hears that Ryan's daughter believes herself.
The princess hears that Ann's son believes herself.
The princess hears that Ann's son believes himself.
The princess hears that the prince who believes the princess tells herself the news.
The princess hears that the prince who believes the princess tells himself the news.
Charles hears that the mother who believes Charles tells himself the news.
Charles hears that the mother who believes Charles tells herself the news.
John explains that Oliver's wife admires himself.
John explains that Oliver's wife admires herself.
The princess explains that Maria's uncle admires herself.
The princess explains that Maria's uncle admires himself.
The princess explains that the male player who admires the princess loves herself.
The princess explains that the male player who admires the princess loves himself.
John explains that the female president who admires John loves himself.
John explains that the female president who admires John loves herself.
The male president says that Peter's daughter hides himself.
The male president says that Peter's daughter hides herself.
The female professor says that Anna's husband hides herself.
The female professor says that Anna's husband hides himself.
The female professor says that the male player who invites the female professor admires herself.
The female professor says that the male player who invites the female professor admires himself.
The male president says that the mother who invites the male president admires himself.
The male president says that the mother who invites the male president admires herself.
Bruce feels that John's mother attacks himself.
Bruce feels that John's mother attacks herself.
The daughter feels that Maria's brother attacks herself.
The daughter feels that Maria's brother attacks himself.
Bruce feels that the female doctor who attacks Bruce introduces himself.
Bruce feels that the female doctor who attacks Bruce introduces herself.
Charles thinks that Bill's sister admires himself.
Charles thinks that Bill's sister admires herself.
The woman thinks that Mary's uncle admires herself.
The woman thinks that Mary's uncle admires himself.
Charles thinks that the girl who admires Charles thanks himself.
Charles thinks that the girl who admires Charles thanks herself.
Larry knows that Ryan's wife saves himself.
Larry knows that Ryan's wife saves herself.
The girl knows that Sarah's brother saves herself.
The girl knows that Sarah's brother saves himself.
The girl knows that the male player who saves the girl helps herself.
The girl knows that the male player who saves the girl helps himself.
Larry knows that the female president who saves Larry helps himself.
Larry knows that the female president who saves Larry helps herself.
The male president reports that Oliver's mother protects himself.
The male president reports that Oliver's mother protects herself.
Elizabeth reports that Mary's son protects herself.
Elizabeth reports that Mary's son protects himself.
Elizabeth reports that the male doctor who joins Elizabeth hits herself.
Elizabeth reports that the male doctor who joins Elizabeth hits himself.
The male president reports that the lady who joins the male president hits himself.
The male president reports that the lady who joins the male president hits herself.
Dennis feels that Jeff's mother understands himself.
Dennis feels that Jeff's mother understands herself.
Mary feels that Helen's son understands herself.
Mary feels that Helen's son understands himself.
Mary feels that the man who understands Mary meets herself.
Mary feels that the man who understands Mary meets himself.
Dennis feels that the female professor who understands Dennis meets himself.
Dennis feels that the female professor who understands Dennis meets herself.
Ryan knows that Alexander's daughter teaches himself.
Ryan knows that Alexander's daughter teaches herself.
Catherine knows that Catherine's son teaches herself.
Catherine knows that Catherine's son teaches himself.
Catherine knows that the father who teaches Catherine beats herself.
Catherine knows that the father who teaches Catherine beats himself.
Ryan knows that the woman who teaches Ryan beats himself.
Ryan knows that the woman who teaches Ryan beats herself.
Peter writes that John's wife helps himself.
Peter writes that John's wife helps herself.
Sarah writes that Victoria's husband helps herself.
Sarah writes that Victoria's husband helps himself.
Sarah writes that the boy who helps Sarah helps herself.
Sarah writes that the boy who helps Sarah helps himself.
Peter writes that the woman who helps Peter helps himself.
Peter writes that the woman who helps Peter helps herself.
Martin hears that Martin's mother defends himself.
Martin hears that Martin's mother defends herself.
Ruth hears that Helen's uncle defends herself.
Ruth hears that Helen's uncle defends himself.
Ruth hears that the male president who leads Ruth tells herself the news.
Ruth hears that the male president who leads Ruth tells himself the news.
Martin hears that the female doctor who leads Martin tells himself the news.
Martin hears that the female doctor who leads Martin tells herself the news.
Charlie hears that Jeff's daughter introduces himself.
Charlie hears that Jeff's daughter introduces herself.
Victoria hears that Alice's son introduces herself.
Victoria hears that Alice's son introduces himself.
Victoria hears that the boy who visits Victoria understands herself.
Victoria hears that the boy who visits Victoria understands himself.
Charlie hears that the princess who visits Charlie understands himself.
Charlie hears that the princess who visits Charlie understands herself.
Tim believes that Nick's wife asks himself a question.
Tim believes that Nick's wife asks herself a question.
The lady believes that Jane's father asks herself a question.
The lady believes that Jane's father asks himself a question.
The lady believes that the male professor who asks the lady helps herself.
The lady believes that the male professor who asks the lady helps himself.
Tim believes that the female professor who asks Tim helps himself.
Tim believes that the female professor who asks Tim helps herself.
Jeff knows that Brian's daughter attacks himself.
Jeff knows that Brian's daughter attacks herself.
Sarah knows that Elizabeth's uncle attacks herself.
Sarah knows that Elizabeth's uncle attacks himself.
Sarah knows that the king who attacks Sarah hits herself.
Sarah knows that the king who attacks Sarah hits himself.
Jeff knows that the girl who attacks Jeff hits himself.
Jeff knows that the girl who attacks Jeff hits herself.
Alexander feels that Mike's mother trusts himself.
Alexander feels that Mike's mother trusts herself.
Alice feels that Jane's son trusts herself.
Alice feels that Jane's son trusts himself.
Alice feels that the male doctor who trusts Alice attacks herself.
Alice feels that the male doctor who trusts Alice attacks himself.
Alexander feels that the female player who trusts Alexander attacks himself.
Alexander feels that the female player who trusts Alexander attacks herself.
Charles says that Ben's mother loves himself.
Charles says that Ben's mother loves herself.
Ann says that Alice's father loves herself.
Ann says that Alice's father loves himself.
Ann says that the male president who loves Ann helps herself.
Ann says that the male president who loves Ann helps himself.
Charles says that the woman who loves Charles helps himself.
Charles says that the woman who loves Charles helps herself.
Thomas believes that Dennis's daughter introduces himself.
Thomas believes that Dennis's daughter introduces herself.
The female president believes that Elizabeth's father introduces herself.
The female president believes that Elizabeth's father introduces himself.
The female president believes that the male professor who visits the female president supports herself.
The female president believes that the male professor who visits the female president supports himself.
Thomas believes that the princess who visits Thomas supports himself.
Thomas believes that the princess who visits Thomas supports herself.
The father believes that Anthony's wife asks himself a question.
The father believes that Anthony's wife asks herself a question.